---
title: Senior Developer, Fullstack - Identity and Access Management (IAM)
company: fullscript
location: Ottawa, ON
posted: 2026-05-05
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/fullscript/257f110e-85e8-400f-969e-d307fce76a20
---

About Fullscript
 
We’re an industry-leading health technology company on a mission to help people get better. We started in 2011 with one simple idea. Make it easier for practitioners to access the products they trust so they can deliver better care.
 
That simple idea grew into a platform that powers every part of care. Today, more than 125,000 practitioners use Fullscript for clinical insights, lab interpretations, patient analytics, education, and access to high-quality supplements. Over 10 million patients rely on Fullscript to stay connected to their care plans and follow through on treatment.
 
We build tools that make care smarter and more human. Tools that save time, simplify decisions, and help practitioners stay closely connected to the people they care for. When everything they need is in one place, they can focus on what matters most: helping people get better.
 
This is your invitation.
 
Bring your ideas, your grit, and your care for people.
Join us and shape the future of care.

We are seeking a Senior Fullstack Developer for our Identity and Access Management (IAM) Engineering team.
 
As a Senior Developer, you will play a critical role in developing and maintaining all things IAM, including authentication, authorization, and identity. You'll contribute directly to the systems powering sign-up, login, SSO integrations, and our OAuth flows. You’ll work closely with your teammates, engineering leads, product, and security stakeholders to deliver secure, reliable, and scalable solutions.
 
This is how we like building software: https://fullscript.com/developer-handbook If you share our values, we’d be excited to talk with you!
