---
title: Graduate Power Electronics Test Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Goleta, CALIFORNIA
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132442681
---

Goleta, CA - local candidates preferred - 100% onsite    Entry Level - BS with up to 2 years experience (no more) or a MS with 0 experience (no more)   The Power Electronics Test Engineer is essential to ensuring the reliable performance of high-voltage GaN power test systems. This role involves conducting specialized electronic tests, developing and managing test fixtures. The engineer will be responsible for rigorously following laboratory safety protocols and maintaining critical lab equipment. This position also requires proactive lab maintenance and troubleshooting to ensure safety and compliance. The ideal candidate will have strong expertise in laboratory safety, high-voltage testing, practical electronics experience, and, preferably, familiarity with power electronics applications.   Essential Responsibilities    1. Safety Compliance:  Adhere strictly to laboratory safety protocols for handling high-voltage devices.   2. Testing and Data Collection:  Execute specialized testing procedures and document data with accuracy and consistency.   3. Power Device Testing:  Conduct characterization tests on power devices according to engineering specifications.   4. Test Fixture Management:  Assemble, maintain, and troubleshoot test fixtures as required.   5. Operation and Maintenance of Equipment:  Operate and maintain essential laboratory equipment (e.g., AC/DC power supplies, oscilloscopes, function generators).   6. Lab Maintenance:  Oversee general laboratory upkeep, ensuring that the lab environment remains organized, safe, and compliant with relevant standards.   7. Attendance:  Maintain regular presence to ensure effective testing processes and collaboration.   8. Other Responsibilities:  Perform other tasks as assigned by the supervisor.   Preferred Responsibilities    1. Test System Development:  Assist in the design, verification, and enhancement of test circuits and system hardware.   2. Test Circuit Optimization:  Engage in the development, verification, and improvement of test circuits to maximize performance.   3. Software Collaboration:  Work collaboratively with software engineers on MCU firmware programming and participate in design reviews.   4. Documentation of Test Systems:  Prepare and maintain comprehensive documentation for test systems.   5. Participation in Design Reviews:  Engage in design review sessions to uphold system integrity and performance standards.   6. Research and Development:  Support the optimization of switching power conversion circuits, with a focus on high-efficiency designs for wide-bandgap semiconductors.   7. Design of Transformers and Inductors:  Contribute to the design of efficient transformers for hard and resonant switching applications.    Entry Level - BS with up to 2 years experience (no more) or a MS with 0 experience (no more)    Essential Skills    1. Electronics Theory:  Fundamental knowledge of electronics theory and testing practices.   2. Proficiency with Test Equipment:  Competence in utilizing oscilloscopes, power supplies, multimeters, and related laboratory equipment.   3. Soldering:  Skilled in SMT and through-hole soldering and desoldering.   4. Technical Interpretation:  Ability to read and interpret electrical schematics and technical documentation.   5. PC-Based Tools:  Proficiency with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel) and other relevant software.   Preferred Skills    1. PCB Design and Analysis:  Proficiency in PCB design, high-voltage and current sensing, with experience in Altium Design.   2. MCU Programming:  Experience with C/C++ programming for PWM, UART, and ADC/DAC applications; familiarity with FPGA is beneficial.   The expected annual pay range for this position is $83,000 - $110,000.&#xa0;This position is also eligible for&#xa0;&#xa0; bonus opportunities and commission pay.&#xa0;&#xa0;Please note that&#xa0;the final&#xa0;offer amount will be dependent on geographic location, applicable experience, and skillset of the candidate.&#xa0;  Renesas offers a full range of elective benefits including medical, health savings account (with applicable medical plan), dental, vision, health and/or dependent care flexible spending accounts, pre-tax commuter benefits, life insurance, AD&amp;D, and pet insurance. In addition to elective benefit options,&#xa0;benefited&#xa0;employees receive company-paid life insurance and AD&amp;D, LTD, short term medical benefits as well as paid sick time, paid holidays, and&#xa0;accrued&#xa0;paid vacation. New employees will attend a detailed benefit orientation to learn more about our many benefits and resources.&#xa0;    Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
