---
title: Staff Analog Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Chandler, Arizona
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132933984
---

Company Description  To take technical lead or significant contribution of Analog design of complex power management integrated circuits. You will be expected to support analog team members with guidance in Analog best practice, drive identification and implementation of improvements, and will represent Dialog in front of external customers.  To take technical lead or significant contribution of Analog design of complex power management integrated circuits. You will be expected to support analog team members with guidance in Analog best practice, drive identification and implementation of improvements, and will represent Dialog in front of external customers.    &#xa0;  Qualifications  Qualifications   Typically 8 - 12 years’ relevant experience  Advanced training, study and experience allowing work on advanced complex technical projects.  Ability to select most appropriate methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for maximizing results.&#xa0;  Ability to solve complex issues in creative, commercial and effective ways.  Able to lead &amp; co-ordinate significant projects, programs and business initiatives with creativity and ingenuity.  Ability to support and mentor Junior Team Members  Cross cultural awareness and sensitivity  Results-oriented and able to deliver on-time under tight schedule pressure.  Ability to work both independently and part of a team.  Flexible to undertake occasional international travel at short notice.  Excellent command of verbal and written English  Ability to propose innovative solutions  Concise and precise communication, presentation and customer skills within multisite and multicultural environment     Interpret requirement specifications to achieve system and design strategy for power management products.  Technical leadership for major blocks, ensuring designs are successfully guided into production · Design, simulation and layout supervision of CMOS power management circuits meeting performance, area, power and timescale constraints  Take ownership for complex block design, delegating tasks where appropriate and reviewing design work where necessary  Feasibility study of new circuits, ensure design meets specification · Lead Lab evaluation in collaboration with Applications Engineers  Produce high quality documentation for own IP blocks · Leading innovation of design and methodologies, to increase power management capabilities  Support DFT strategy and implementation  Partner with test team to ensure appropriate test development to ramp to production · Top level simulation and verification planning and implementation  Coach and mentor less experienced team members  Take proactive approach to driving own development plan, utilizing team members and internal development opportunities  Customer - customer facing relationship as part of project team  Support RFQ process where necessary  Any ad hoc tasks as deemed reasonable by your manager     Typically 8 - 12 years’ relevant experience  Advanced training, study and experience allowing work on advanced complex technical projects.  Ability to select most appropriate methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for maximizing results.&#xa0;  Ability to solve complex issues in creative, commercial and effective ways.  Able to lead &amp; co-ordinate significant projects, programs and business initiatives with creativity and ingenuity.  Ability to support and mentor Junior Team Members  Cross cultural awareness and sensitivity  Results-oriented and able to deliver on-time under tight schedule pressure.  Ability to work both independently and part of a team.  Flexible to undertake occasional international travel at short notice.  Excellent command of verbal and written English  Ability to propose innovative solutions  Concise and precise communication, presentation and customer skills within multisite and multicultural environment      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
