---
title: PC Board Designer 5
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Tempe, Arizona
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132936479
---

Applicants for this position must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Renesas is unable to sponsor applicants for work visas for this position now or in the future.&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;   Hybrid - Tempe, AZ - local candidates preferred - no relocation  We are seeking a  Senior Printed Circuit Board (PCB) Designer  for a full-time, on-site role located in Tempe, AZ. The Senior PCB Designer will be responsible for designing ATE hardware. This includes collaboration with cross-functional teams to ensure compliance with technical and regulatory requirements, optimizing designs to enhance performance, and troubleshooting technical issues during the development process.    Proficiency with Cadence OrCAD and Allegro.  Experience with Circuit Design and deep understanding of PCB layout processes  Knowledge in Analog and Electronics systems, including components and signal behavior  Strong expertise in Electrical Engineering fundamentals  Familiarity with industry-standard PCB design tools and software  Understanding of regulatory standards and compliance requirements in the electronics industry  Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work collaboratively across disciplines  Associate degree in electronics or higher  5+ years experience  CID and CID+ Certification preferred  Experience with DiamondX, COHU, 93k, or Teradyne      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
