---
title: Sr Product Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Bayan Lepas
posted: 2026-06-17
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132704169
---

Analog Mixed Signal Business Unit (AMS) is looking for a Senior Product Engineer to join our team to drive the product development of state-of-the-art products. This is a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a cross-functional team to bring a product to volume production starting from product conception to production release. The job scope includes but is not limited to, development of the test plan to ensure datasheet specifications are met. Own the qualification plan and the execution to comply with various JEDEC/AEC quality standards. Own product quality assessment through reliability tests. Collaborate with multi-functional teams such as Design, Test, Applications and Failure Analysis teams during first silicon debug and to root cause field failures. Creation and maintenance of product BOM. Monitor production data to address yield and quality deficiencies using statistical analysis.  &#xa0;   Key Responsibilities:&#xa0;   • Full PE product lifecycle ownership from concept to end of life with a focus on ensuring the delivery of the highest quality products to our end customers  • Definition of ATE test, qualification and manufacturing plans  • Product release into manufacturing with adherence to stringent tier 1-customer requirements  • Datasheet and automotive compliance reports  • Real time customer support for design, product and quality related issues  • Temperature/Voltage/Process characterization and production limit setting  • Product new product introduction and yield ownership  • Product BOM release and maintenance through Agile  • Excursion management for both suppliers and customers  • Use commercially available yield tools for yield improvement and monitoring, generate weekly reports and review with PE teams  • KPI achievement in product related deliverables including NPI execution and velocity, product cost (Gross margin improvements), product quality performance and failure analysis cycle times  • PAT, SYL, SBL, SPC limit and disposition optimizations to protect quality without excessive waste   • 5+ years' experience in product engineering.&#xa0; A strong analog circuit background is a must. Familiarity with mixed signal testing would be a plus  • Familiarity with ATE tester platforms (eg. Teradyne J750, Advantest 93K)  • Experience with common lab test equipment (DC power supply, oscilloscope, multi-meters etc). Bench characterization experience is a plus  • Familiarity with JEDEC/AEC qualification standards and stress test conditions. Experience with qual hardware/software development would be preferred  • Experience in yield management tools such as JMP, Spotfire. Apply statistical analysis to isolate the issue and make data-driven decisions  • Knowledge of Semiconductor Failure Analysis is preferable  • Strong verbal and written communication skills  • A good team player. Effective in fast paced, dynamic work environment  &#xa0;   Education:&#xa0;   • BS in Electrical/Electronic Engineering  • MS in Electrical/Electronic Engineering is preferred     Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
