---
title: Staff Package Design Engineer- experienced in package development of power SiP/module
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Zhubei
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132367189
---

Renesas is one of the top global semiconductor companies in the world. We strive to develop a safer, healthier, greener, and smarter world, and our goal is to make every endpoint intelligent by offering product solutions in the automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT markets. Our robust product portfolio includes world-leading MCUs, SoCs, analog and power products, plus Winning Combination solutions that curate these complementary products. We are a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of electronics you rely on every day; you may not see our products, but they are all around you.  Renesas employs roughly 21,000 people in more than 30 countries worldwide. As a global team, our employees actively embody the Renesas Culture, our guiding principles based on five key elements: Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative, and Entrepreneurial. Renesas believes in, and has a commitment to, diversity and inclusion, with initiatives and a leadership team dedicated to its resources and values. At Renesas, we want to build a sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. Join us and build your future by being part of what’s next in electronics and the world.    Design and develop package and interconnect methods for Renesas’s packaging needs in the areas of Power SiP/modules, wafer level, &#xa0;flip-chip, multi-chip module and power device packaging.  Strong understanding on wafer processing such as Front side of metal/Backgrind Backmetal, Taiko Backgrinding, Glass carrier bonding&amp;grinding, Patterned back metal, Embedded die in substrate  Package technologies qualification for consumer &amp; industrial power as well as automotive power applications.  Benchmark, select and qualify suitable materials, processes and assembly subcontractors (OSAT) or contract manufacturers (CM).  Work with OSAT/CM &#xa0;to develop, run DOE to optimize processes and establish process spec.  Work with Product groups and Reliability team, qualify new packages and processes within required time frame.  Resolve all process integration issues by ensuring all window checks are done on critical process steps.  Establish production controls and monitor to ensure there is no room for quality incidents.  Ensure smooth transition into production &amp; implement ramp up monitor. &#xa0;  Work with OSAT/CM &#xa0;to monitor and resolve process issues early in the production to ensure only parts with superior quality shipped to customer.  Develop and maintain technical expertise on advances and innovations in power SiP/modules, wafer level packaging &amp; flip chip interconnects.  Participate in packaging roadmap development &amp; focus on execution.  Address internal and external customer complains working with peers of Marketing, Product groups, Quality and Operations organization to satisfy growth in businesses.  Establish &amp; maintain package design rules.    
&#xa0;    Doctorate/Masters / Bachelor Degree in Physics, Chemistry, Mechanical, Electrical or Materials Engineering.  6-12 years of relevant experience in package development emphasizing power SiP/module, wafer level &amp; flip-chip packaging.  Strong understanding of power SiP/modules, wafer level/flip-chip packaging methods, assembly process knowledge, qualification methods, SPC and statistical analysis software. Knowledge of wire-bonding &amp; multi-chip module technologies a plus.  Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  Strong analytical and presentation skills.    
&#xa0;     Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, disabilities, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
