---
title: Senior Safety & Health Officer (SHO)
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Bayan Lepas
posted: 2026-06-19
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000133010569
---

Seeking for a proactive and experienced Safety &amp; Health Officer (SHO) to drive and sustain a high-performance safety culture within our manufacturing operations in Bayan Lepas. This role is responsible to ensure compliances towards legal requirements and championing continuous improvement in safety, health, and environmental practices.   Key Responsibilities     Perform all statutory duties as a registered Safety &amp; Health Officer (SHO) in accordance with DOSH requirements.  Ensure full compliance with applicable EHS laws, regulations, and company standards, including timely updates and reporting. Serve as the primary liaison with regulatory authorities, auditors, and external stakeholders on safety and health matters.  Lead and drive safety awareness programs, campaigns, and training initiatives to promote a strong safety culture across all levels.  Oversee and continuously improve ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 management systems, including documentation, audits, and compliance tracking.  Monitor workplace conditions and practices to identify hazards, implement mitigation measures, and ensure a safe working environment.   Manage and coordinate security-related functions.      Registered SHO with a valid certification from DOSH  Diploma or Degree in Occupational Safety &amp; Health, Engineering, or a related discipline.  Min 2 to 3 years of working experience as a practicing Safety and Health Officer. Sound knowledge of EHS legislations and requirements.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence and engage stakeholders at all levels.  Familiarity with ISO 45001 management systems and internal auditing processes  Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a proactive and detail-oriented mindset.     Good to have     Experience in security management  Radiation Protection Officer (RPO) License  Knowledge in digitalization initiatives related to EHS data tracking, reporting, and system enhancements      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
