---
title: Senior Implementation Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: La Jolla Ranch, CA
posted: 2026-06-17
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132653599
---

The Senior Implementation Engineer (SIE) is assigned to customers once the deal is closed. SIEs ensure that customers understand and experience the value of Altium’s Enterprise solutions (AES). The SIE enables the customer’s successful implementation of AES, and ensures they are productive. The effectiveness in influencing both internal and external stakeholders is the single most important characteristic of the SIE. SIEs demonstrate value, can put systems and processes into common practice, and efficiently resolve internal and external issues. The SIE plays an indispensable role in bridging the gap between the Altium Sales, Customer Success (Technical Support) and R&amp;D organizations.  &#xa0;   Key Competencies     Ability to think strategically and understand Altium’s goals and objectives, and influence decisions and policies that will help Altium AND the customer achieve goals and objectives.    Possess emotional intelligence to empathize with the customer, understand who the customer is, how they think, and translate that into customer requirements.    Be action-oriented and leverage project management skills to work effectively with deployment and technical support teams.    Proactively drive improvements to systems, processes, products, and solutions.    Be proactive in identifying critical client deadlines while demonstrating the ability to independently organize, oversee, and fulfill project timelines to ensure consistent delivery.    &#xa0;   Job Description&#xa0;     Work with Account Managers, Solution Architects and other SIEs on training, guiding, and coaching customers through the myAltium engagement process.    Provide detailed Project management skills for the Implementation and ensure the customer’s ongoing success post deployment.    Use in-depth knowledge of client, industry, business processes, and deep knowledge of the product and technical expertise to drive and increase adoption and usage of AES.    Serve as the post-sale point of contact for customers during AES implementation..&#xa0;    Collaborate with Altium’s Customer Success (Technical Support) and R&amp;D organizations to ensure timely resolution of issues, and to propose solutions that continually add value to the customer.    Handle escalations of implementation and customer productivity blocking issues, and coordinate related activities with Sales, TAMs, R&amp;D, and Customer Success (Tech Support).    Work with Solution Architects and R&amp;D to resolve software issues that have the highest impact to the customer and Altium’s business.    Build excellent customer relationships, and influence them to adopt recommended best practices.    Work with Account Managers to reduce churn, and enable client expansion, renewal and retention.    Be a customer advocate. Promote a customer-focused culture across Altium to continually improve customer relationships and Altium capabilities.       Bachelors/Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent degree and experience    At least 5 years of experience in customer success, account management, or a client-facing role in Electronic Design Automation (EDA)&#xa0;    Experience with Altium or other PCB ECAD Library/component management required    PLM expertise desirable    Ability to engage customer at business level, drive alignment, and execution    Ability to be highly effective in a matrix management organization    Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal    Able to travel 30%     The expected annual pay range for this position is $120,000. This position is also eligible for bonus opportunities. Please note that final offer amount will be dependent on geographic location, applicable experience, and skillset of the candidate.  &#xa0;  Renesas offers a full range of elective benefits including medical, health savings account (with applicable medical plan), dental, vision, health and/or dependent care flexible spending accounts, pre-tax commuter benefits, life insurance, AD&amp;D, and pet insurance. In addition to elective benefit options, benefited employees receive company-paid life insurance and AD&amp;D, LTD, short term medical benefits as well as paid sick time, paid holidays, and accrued paid vacation. New employees will attend a detailed benefit orientation to learn more about our many benefits and resources.    Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
