---
title: Senior/Staff Embedded Application Engineer – RCar Platform
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Ho Chi Minh
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132338975
---

Job Summary:   As an Experienced Application Engineer, you will drive the development and integration of automotive and robotic solutions on high-performance RCar SoCs.   Key Responsibilities:    Lead cross‑team collaboration to design and implement reference automotive and robotic solutions  Design and implement application, firmware, BSP across heterogeneous architectures, including Arm Application cores and Real-time cores.  Perform system bring-up and debug low-level drivers on RCar‑based hardware platforms, including Ethernet AVB/TSN, MIPI CSI-2, ISP, I2C, UART, and GPT.     Technical Skills:    Expert in C/C++ (Modern C++) and Python.  Ability to program applications, BSP, middleware on Linux, ROS2, Zephyr, FreeRTOS  Proficient with Git, GitLab, CI/CD pipelines, and Docker containerization.  Hands-on experience with GDB and hardware debuggers  Solid understanding of Object Detection, Lane Keeping, SLAM, or Sensor Fusion.  Knowledge of Functional Safety standards ISO 26262.    Professional:    Strong problem-solving skills, ability to work independently and in a team, and willingness to learn new technologies.     Seniority Level  Mid-Senior level    Industry   Semiconductor Manufacturing     Employment Type  Full-time    Job Functions   Design     Skills   C++  Python (Programming Language)  FreeRTOS  C (Programming Language)  Zephyr  ISO 26262  Sensor Fusion  IT&#xa0;        Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
