---
title: Principal Supplier Quality Engineer – experience in SQE or Process for Assembly 
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Suzhou, Jiangsu
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132829470
---

Renesas is one of the top global semiconductor companies in the world. We strive to develop a safer, healthier, greener, and smarter world, and our goal is to make every endpoint intelligent by offering product solutions in the automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT markets. Our robust product portfolio includes world-leading MCUs, SoCs, analog and power products, plus Winning Combination solutions that curate these complementary products. We are a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of electronics you rely on every day; you may not see our products, but they are all around you.  Renesas employs roughly 21,000 people in more than 30 countries worldwide. As a global team, our employees actively embody the Renesas Culture, our guiding principles based on five key elements: Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative, and Entrepreneurial. Renesas believes in, and has a commitment to, diversity and inclusion, with initiatives and a leadership team dedicated to its resources and values. At Renesas, we want to build a sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. Join us and build your future by being part of what’s next in electronics and the world.    Liaison between regional suppliers and Renesas  Manage quality excursions and drive for effective root cause solutions and preventive actions  Support process/material change process and site certification and audit activities  Collaborate with component suppliers to ensure compliance with quality standards and specifications for power modules.  Support PCB assembly processes, with a focus on surface mount technology (SMT) and related manufacturing techniques.  Identify quality trends, manage projects &amp; influence teams to drive continuous improvement.  Support best practice or lesson learn initiatives aimed at enhancing supplier quality.  Ability to motivate others, remain focused and organized. Communicate with excellent written/verbal and problem-solving skills.   &#xa0;     Must (Required)     BS in Electrical Engineering or related field.  Minimum 10 years relevant experience in supplier quality management which includes supplier selection, ongoing quality improvement and manufacturing excursion response management.  Strong technical knowledge of semiconductor module assembly processes (e.g., SMT), passive components (inductors, capacitors), and embedded substrates processes and it’s control.  Proven experience in PCB assembly, especially surface mount technology (SMT).  Hands-on experience with structured problem-solving tools such as 8D, 5-Why, and Fishbone analysis  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills when working with internal cross functional groups.  Understanding of standards ISO9001, IATF16949, VDA6.3 and process audit methodology as well as quality tools FMEA, Control Plan, SPC and MSA.  Certified or qualified auditor for ISO 9001, IATF 16949, and VDA 6.3  Good English Speaking, writing and listening skills.     Want (Preferred)     Experience or knowledge of advanced semiconductor packaging (e.g., Multi-Chip Modules, Wafer-Level Chip Scale Packages)  Knowledge and practical use of ISO9001 and IATF16949 Core Tools  Proven ability to influence suppliers and drive timely resolution of quality issues  Experience working in a regional or global supplier quality environment.      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
