---
title: Senior Product Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Bengaluru, KA
posted: 2026-06-17
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132571974
---

Renesas is one of the top global semiconductor companies in the world. We strive to develop a safer, healthier, greener, and smarter world, and our goal is to make every endpoint intelligent by offering product solutions in the automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT markets. Our robust product portfolio includes world leading MCUs, SoCs, Analog and power products, plus Winning Combination solutions that curate these complementary products. We are a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of electronics you rely on every day; you may not see our products, but they are all around you.  Renesas employs roughly 21,000 people in more than 30 countries worldwide. As a global team, our employees actively embody the Renesas Culture, our guiding principles based on five key elements: Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative, and Entrepreneurial. Renesas believes in, and has a commitment to, diversity and inclusion, with initiatives and a leadership team dedicated to its resources and values. At Renesas, we want to build a sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. Join us and build your future by being part of what’s next in electronics and the world.   This role will work in our Device and Product Group supporting New Product Introduction (NPI) of our state-of-the-art GaN semiconductor devices as well as other engineering projects. This experienced semiconductor product engineer will work in a cross functional role that involves the ownership of new products from concept to qualification. The role requires coordinating activities across multiple departments (R&amp;D, Design, Epitaxial, Fabrication, Package Assembly, Test and Reliability, etc.).   Lead the NPI process and coordinate the power device products definition, design, fabrication, testing and qualification, taking them from tape-out to production release.  Work closely with the marketing, sales, engineering and manufacturing teams to develop NPI plans.  Negotiate schedules to align with resources and customer requirements.  Track and communicates status, key results, risks, and problems to all stakeholders to ensure alignment of priorities. Schedule and run design review activities.  Monitor and analyzes testing and qualification results to write engineering reports.  Develop screening methods during NPI phase for qualification.  Drive root cause investigations of performance and qualification issues.  Own and support other engineering projects     5+ years in semiconductor manufacturing, yield engineering and power electronics is a plus.  BS in an engineering or science discipline and/or MS in engineering or science.  Experience with APQP design review processes, FMEA, NPI and SPC.  Understanding of process and product development, wafer level processing, assembly and test methods.  Exceptional time management skills.  Ability to take initiative and work effectively in teams.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proficiency with MS Office.  Experience with discrete device testing and semiconductor packaging will be a plus.  Experience with engineering databases, automation and statistical analysis using software such as JMP.      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
