---
title: Staff HR Business Partner - fixed-term (6 months)
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: s-Hertogenbosch
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132349209
---

As a Staff HRBP, you will serve as the primary strategic partner and point of contact for people leaders across the Netherlands, Greece, and Israel. You will act as a vital conduit between our Business Unit (BU) HRBPs and our internal HR Centers of Excellence (CoEs), ensuring seamless delivery of HR programs, regional initiatives, and organizational strategies. This role requires a balance of high-level strategic alignment with hands-on operational excellence in complex, multi-jurisdictional labor environments.  &#xa0;    Acting&#xa0;as a strategic advisor to&#xa0;BU&#xa0;managers and&#xa0;leaders in EMEA&#xa0;on HR-related matters, including workforce planning, talent management, organizational development, and other change management activities. Developing&#xa0;a deep understanding of business needs and priorities, and&#xa0;creating and implementing&#xa0;solutions to HR topics&#xa0;within EMEA.&#xa0;      Collaborating&#xa0;with and leads&#xa0;regional HRBPs in EMEA-wide projects for the Business Unit / Division allocated to,&#xa0;through EMEA-wide activities such as compensation and performance cycles, organisational changes, etc.      Addressing and resolving&#xa0;complex employee relations issues, ensuring compliance with local labor laws and regulations.&#xa0;    Leading&#xa0;or supporting&#xa0;complex region-wide/global HR projects as&#xa0;required.&#xa0;    Supporting/coaching more junior team members.&#xa0;      Providing&#xa0;professional advice, coaching &amp; training on all HR matters to&#xa0;people&#xa0;managers &amp; staff.&#xa0;      Monitoring changes and trends in employment law and best practice to ensure continued compliance and ensure that legal requirements are met in terms of employee relations to appropriately minimize exposure to liability.&#xa0;      Implementing policies, guidelines, and procedures, and leading on employee performance management, change management, and employee engagement.&#xa0;      Maintaining compliance with government&#xa0;regulations concerning employment and making any appropriate filings.       Min. 8&#xa0;years of related experience in a matrixed, international organisation&#xa0;&#xa0;    Strong working knowledge of employment law principles and HR practices across multiple jurisdictions, with the ability to partner with local counsel or external advisors    An academic degree&#xa0;in the area of&#xa0;HR Management or other relevant study (business administration, law, psychology).&#xa0;&#xa0;    Proven experience in leading/managing&#xa0;complex projects    Advanced knowledge of Dutch labor law    Fluent in Dutch - speaking and writing (at least c1 level)    An additional local professional HR qualification is beneficial    Experience in a technology, engineering, manufacturing, or semiconductor environments is beneficial    Experience using MS-Office and SuccessFactors HR module (preferred)    Experience supporting Works Council, employee representative bodies, or Labour Union consultation processes is strongly preferred    Excellent communication skills     Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ 
 
 At Renesas, You Can  
&#xa0;   Launch and advance your career in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.  Make a real impact by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.  Maximize your performance and wellbeing in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day. 
&#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? 
 
Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together. 
 
Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our  Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement . 
 
We have adopted a hybrid model that gives employees the ability to work remotely two days a week while ensuring that we come together as a team in the office the rest of the time. The designated in-office days are Tuesday through Thursday for innovation, collaboration and continuous learning.    Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
