---
title: Sr Staff Test Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Palm Bay, FL
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132495877
---

Renesas Electronics Americas (REA) is a dynamic, multi-cultural tech company where employees can learn, mentor and thrive. REA brings together the strong financial foundation of a multi-billion dollar global operation and the flexibility and velocity of a smaller organization. We are developing technologies for the latest advances in mobile computing, secured connected devices, autonomous driving, smart homes and factories and more. Our solutions are at the heart of products developed by the major innovators around the world. Join us and be part of what’s next in electronics.   Our Hi-Rel Space Product and Test Engineering Group is looking for a talented Test Engineer   to join our team in our Palm Bay, FL office. Our team develops Radiation Hardened ICs to service the Space Industry. You will work with a team that is primarily co-located in Palm Bay with an onsite production test floor. This includes developing test methodologies, defining test schematics, PCB layouts and hardware, developing and debugging test programs, correlating production test solutions to bench measurements, and transferring test solutions to production.   Responsibilities    Define Test Requirements for new ICs in Conjunction with the Development Team  Write Characterization programs  Develop production test programs  Design Load Boards for Automated Test Equipment  Performing GR&amp;R studies and Transient Analysis aka Spike Check aka de-gltich     Education    BSEE    Experience    Previous work on Analog, Mixed Signal, and Power ICs (such as LDOs, Buck Regulators, PMIC, PWM Controller)  12+ years of experience creating test solutions for an automated test environment in the semiconductor industry  In-depth experience on 93k, Cohu DiamondX, ETS364, or Teradyne microFLEX preferred     Applicants for this position must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Renesas is unable to sponsor applicants for work visas for this position       Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
