---
title: Principal Engineer, Digital Design
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Bengaluru, KA
posted: 2026-06-20
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000133185589
---

Renesas is one of the top global semiconductor companies in the world. We strive to develop a safer, healthier, greener, and smarter world, and our goal is to make every endpoint intelligent by offering product solutions in the automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT markets. Our robust product portfolio includes world leading MCUs, SoCs, Analog and power products, plus Winning Combination solutions that curate these complementary products. We are a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of electronics you rely on every day; you may not see our products, but they are all around you.  Renesas employs roughly 21,000 people in more than 30 countries worldwide. As a global team, our employees actively embody the Renesas Culture, our guiding principles based on five key elements: Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative, and Entrepreneurial. Renesas believes in, and has a commitment to, diversity and inclusion, with initiatives and a leadership team dedicated to its resources and values. At Renesas, we want to build a sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. Join us and build your future by being part of what’s next in electronics and the world.   Technical Manager role requiring 15+ years of experience of Digital design in Analog Mixed signal ICs for developing Power Management ICs as part of 2.6B$ Power Business Unit at Renesas. Primary responsibilities include leading team which will fully own defining the microarchitecture to developing all Digital components of power management ICs, starting from System requirements. Due to the complex nature of Chips and significant Analog as well as Digital contents, collaboration with cross-functional teams to ensure successful integration of Digital and Analog components in ICs, is a must. The candidate will work on a wide range of exciting and cutting edge PMICs, including Linear and Switching DC-DC converters powering the next generation of most sought-after phones and handheld devices. This is an early-stage growth opportunity where in the candidate will get to learn, build and over time contribute and influence the charter for Renesas’s massive Power product portfolio.   Essential Functions:    Manage the Digital Design team in terms of costs, methods and staffing to support device/silicon design requirements and to meet design deadlines as set by the program schedule.  Mentor direct reports, giving appropriate guidance and support, and reviewing technical and behavioural performance regularly  Must have experience of defining Dig-Ana boundary and Digital design scope for Power Management ICs/Analog intensive ICs  Must have experience of defining the micro-architectures and sub-blocks for the ICs to ensure optimized Digital design, RTL design and Gate level netlist etc.  Must be aware of Power Sensitive digital design and doing Power estimation for the Digital I/Ps  Must be able to handle Clock Domain Crossing across multiple clock domains seamlessly and in a glitch free manner. Should be able to lead/collaborate for Logic Synthesis, Formal verification, Power estimation and STA.  Should have experience of OTP, MTP, Efuse read/writes, controller design and data bus handling, Register read/write, Trimming of Analog parts/functions, DFT architecture and integration.  Should be able to create Sequences (including Power UP/Down) and State Machines and Transitions to/from any state to another based on the IC requirements.  Should be an expert of one or more Power Chip Communication I/Ps and protocols e.g. I2C, PMBUS, SVI3, SVID etc.  Should be able to implement and analyse filters &amp; feedback loops in Digital, conversant with Z-domain analysis.  Must have done multiple silicon debugs, root cause analysis of issues, design to silicon correlation etc.  Should understand commonly used control loop architectures (Constant Freq, Constant ON/OFF Time, Current mode etc) and pros/limitations of each.  Must be able to bring in innovative ideas to improve designs to meet challenging specifications and achieve better system performance.  Should be able to setup Digital design flows and methodologies including checklists, reviews to ensure quality designs and take them all the way to Silicon success.     Minimum Requirements:    Bachelor’s or master’s degree in electrical engineering  15+ years in Digital Design and experience of working on Mixed Signal ICs, especially PMICs.  Solid understanding and design experience of complex AMS designs.  Chip design, Verification, Silicon validation, debugs, Qual support and taking ICs to production.  Must be a technical leader, people manager &amp; team player, mentor and should strive towards fostering a highly creative and productive working environment  Collaboration with Senior leadership to develop team objectives in accordance with wider company strategy.  Ability to work with Senior Management to develop and work to budget.  Cross cultural awareness and sensitivity.  Results-oriented and able to deliver on-time under tight schedule pressure.      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
