---
title: Staff Financial Analyst
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Bengaluru, KA
posted: 2026-06-19
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132989969
---

Renesas is one of the top global semiconductor companies in the world. We strive to develop a safer, healthier, greener, and smarter world, and our goal is to make every endpoint intelligent by offering product solutions in the automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT markets. Our robust product portfolio includes world leading MCUs, SoCs, Analog and power products, plus Winning Combination solutions that curate these complementary products. We are a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of electronics you rely on every day; you may not see our products, but they are all around you.  Renesas employs roughly 21,000 people in more than 30 countries worldwide. As a global team, our employees actively embody the Renesas Culture, our guiding principles based on five key elements: Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative, and Entrepreneurial. Renesas believes in, and has a commitment to, diversity and inclusion, with initiatives and a leadership team dedicated to its resources and values. At Renesas, we want to build a sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. Join us and build your future by being part of what’s next in electronics and the world.   We are seeking an experienced  Financial Controller , who will be responsible for owning the global financial planning, forecasting, and performance management processes for HPC’s global Engineering Organization. This role reports to the Product Group’s Japan Controller and serves as a strategic advisor to the Finance leadership team, providing data-driven insights driving robust financial planning, capital allocation, growth strategy, and long-term investment efficiency. Finance Leader will oversee the development of the Engineering organization’s consolidated financial model, ensure rigorous execution of budget &amp; forecasting cycles, and build a high-performing FP&amp;A organization that partners effectively across multiple regions including Americas, Europe, &amp; Asia-Pacific. This position goes beyond traditional controlling, successful candidate will design &amp; standardize end-to-end processes, continuously optimize financials for global R&amp;D organization, enabling informed decision‑making from early concept through executive approval.   Key Responsibilities    Strategic Planning &amp; Forecasting: Lead the annual operating plan (AOP), rolling quarterly forecasts, and 3–5 year long term planning (LTP) processes across Engineering organization. Own the consolidated financial model, ensuring alignment between strategy, operational execution, and financial outcomes.  Business Partnership: Partner closely with the Engineering Executive Leadership team. Support financial planning cycles, ad-hoc analysis, capital investment decisions. Act as a bridge between technical organizations and finance, translating complexity into actionable insights  Performance Management &amp; Leadership Insights: Establish and monitor organization-wide KPIs to assess financial and operational performance. Deliver comprehensive monthly reporting packages highlighting variances versus budget and forecast, clearly articulating risks, opportunities, and recommended actions to leadership.  Capital Allocation: Provide financial modeling, valuation analysis, and due diligence supporting major capital investment decisions. Partner with senior leadership to evaluate trade-offs and optimize capital deployment in support of strategic priorities.  Corporate policy &amp; compliance  Drive the implementation &amp; standardization of corporate policies &amp; procedures across global Engineering Organization. Serve as key stakeholder to Renesas India’s Accounting &amp; Regulatory team.&#xa0;  Team Leadership &amp; Development: Foster a culture of financial excellence, intellectual rigor, and strong business partnership, ensuring the organization scales effectively with the Product Group’s growth.   Comfortable operating in ambiguous, evolving environments. Proactive, hands‑on, and capable of driving change. Ability to design and improve end to end business processes, not just analyze results.     Experience &amp; Expertise    5+ years of progressive finance experience, including at least 3 years in a senior FP&amp;A or finance leadership role within a public company environment. Strong experience in  product‑based semiconductor businesses , manufacturing, or technology‑driven environments. Semiconductor businesses, manufacturing, or technology experiences highly preferred.  Hands‑on experience with  cost modeling, investment decisions or business case evaluation   Strong working knowledge of IFRS and experience with enterprise ERP systems such as NetSuite, SAP, or Oracle.  Proven ability to support senior leadership and executive‑level decision making through clear, compelling financial storytelling  Demonstrated success operating in high-performing teams in dynamic, fast-paced environments.    Core Skills    Strong analytical and financial modeling skills  Ability to design and improve end‑to‑end business processes, not just analyze results  Experience working with financial systems, data platforms, and reporting tools  Excellent communication skills, with the ability to explain complex financial topics clearly    Education :   &#xa0;Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field is required. An MBA, CPA, or CFA is highly preferred.      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
