---
title: Sr. Software Engineer, Backend
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Lisbon
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132846674
---

Why A365 Software Engineering?  
 
Build the cloud platform that’s transforming electronics design. Altium 365 for cloud lets design engineers communicate, collaborate and bring their ideas to market more efficiently than any platform in the industry. These are some of the R&amp;D Software Engineering contributions you might make to Altium 365:&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;   Building new cloud-native applications and scalable infrastructure  Utilizing AI and ML to power advanced search capabilities  Large-scale data processing; data modelling; holistic, intent-based API design  Stateful and stateless servers, relational databases, ORM frameworks   Altium offers the opportunity to conceive and build new product features for electronics engineers, and add your own ideas to the world’s most collaborative and efficient electronics design platform. 
 
 A day in the Life of our   Senior Software Engineer&#xa0;  
Your primary role will be product development for complex cloud applications with the Altium 365 Platform team.    
 What We're looking for    7+ years of .NET experience  Solid experience with microservices and cloud solutions  Proven ability to take ownership and work with a high level of autonomy  A strong team player able to collaborate effectively and contribute to a culture of partnership.  Strong ability to solve complex technical challenge and influence technical direction&#xa0;  Experience defining and driving engineering standards, best practices, and technical governance    Nice to have    Firebird, Oracle, Postgres.  Azure/GCP/AliCloud      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
