---
title: Senior Staff Application Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Austin, TEXAS
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132405949
---

Renesas Performance Computing Power Application engineering team is seeking an individual to work on cutting edge digital power management solutions. A successful candidate will have a strong desire and ability to work in a technically challenging environment with other top performers to continue Renesas’s development of industry leading power management IC’s  This is an opportunity to contribute at a high level to the technical and commercial success of the corporation. To succeed, you will need to combine a deep technical understanding of multiphase VR systems, Renesas products and customer systems. You will have critical input on product definition and business planning activities. Your ability to work across functional groups through formal communication and direct interaction is critical to success. The position requires significant technical experience beyond traditional power management topics due to the embedded SOC nature of the products.   Responsibilities   Success in this position requires an ability to translate market understanding to product definition and ultimately to market adoption.   Support technical marketing through global customer visits to promote products and uncover critical customer needs.  Use knowledge gained to support marketing business plan activities by providing analysis demonstrating technical merit of Renesas solutions vs competing solutions.  Produce technically detailed Product Requirements Document to support creation of design specifications.  Work with design engineering when conflicts arise between requirements, capabilities and business expectations.  Participate in FPGA based design prototyping to verify key features and functions will meet expectations.  Work with design and other staff to find solutions when targets are not met.  Guide other staff in creation of Applications Validation Plans by using experience to ensure corner cases are covered  Develop valuable IP by finding unique solutions to critical customer problems.  Assist marketing with analysis to support a monetary value of Intellectual Property.&#xa0;  Interface with key ASIC suppliers to understand requirements and ensure alignment in product development  Provide deep technical support and training to advance Renesas’s commercial success.&#xa0;     Must have MS in Engineering or technical equivalent.  Must have a minimum of 10 years experience in the power management industry.  Must Have experience with firmware-enabled products and powering&#xa0;large scale application- specific integrated circuit (Central processing unit&#xa0;/Graphics processing unit etc.) in the data center market is required.  Experience with multiphase DC/DC converters powering Intel/AMD/SoC systems.  Mixed-signal Integrated Circuit/System knowledge/experience.  Experience with digitally enabled power management products.  Understanding of control loop theory and its application in power converters.  Proficiency with a full complement of lab equipment including network. analyzers, oscilloscopes and waveform generators.&#xa0;  Experience with automation of lab testing.      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
