---
title: Test Hardware Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Austin, TEXAS
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132482541
---

A Test&#xa0;HW&#xa0;Engineer&#xa0;manages and executes&#xa0;within&#xa0;the test development team&#xa0;owning ATE&#xa0;HW&#xa0;solutions&#xa0;from planning stage to production stage including continuous improvement.&#xa0;&#xa0;With years of experience in semiconductor industry,&#xa0;this role involves&#xa0;collaborating with&#xa0;ATE Test Engineers&#xa0;to ensure release of ATE solutions in a timely manner.&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics, a leading global semiconductor company, is rapidly scaling its AI-focused power delivery business. Products include high-performance digital power VRMs, multiphase controllers, Smart Power Stages (SPS), Vertical Power Stages (SPS with integrated capacitors and multiple silicon die), Power Towers (power modules integrating multiple SPS-equivalents with capacitors and inductors), and power MOSFETs.&#xa0;    Project manage the design and logistics of loadboards, probe cards, test sockets and change kits from definition, RFQ, design review and approval to NPI or Production Release. &#xa0;  Review and validate ATE HW Request forms. &#xa0;  Review schematic, layout, and BOM for compliance. &#xa0;  Support first article build, debug, and correlation.&#xa0;  Maintain Test team inventory and ATE hardware status. &#xa0;  Main contact with loadboards, probe cards, test sockets and change kit vendors for technical, commercial and operational aspects. &#xa0;  Coordinate vendor shipments and track deliveries. &#xa0;  Own the vendor tier strategy for loadboards, probe cards, test sockets and change kits on technical, operational and commercial benchmarks. &#xa0;  Interface with ATE Test Engineering team for PCB design and execute to support NPI timeline. &#xa0;  Technical expertise in module testing (socket, board, changekit and handling) on ATE/handlers and providing technical direction for production solution &#xa0;     Bachelors in Electrical, Mechanical, or other related field with 5+ years or equivalent experience&#xa0;&#xa0;   Experience &amp; Skills:&#xa0;   5+ years of experience working with Automated Test Systems (ATE).&#xa0;  Proficient with ATE analog digital instruments, PCB layout parasitic reduction, and strong debug/troubleshooting experience      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
