---
title: ASIC Digital Verification Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Ottawa
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132879354
---

ENTRY LEVEL - Bachelor's degree with up to 2 years of experience or a recent master's grad with no experience.    100% onsite   Our Ottawa office is looking for a talented ASIC Digital Verification Engineer to join our team. Our team is developing industry-leading mixed-signal Digital PLL Application specific integrated circuits. You can be a part of a growing mixed design and verification team giving you a chance to make a significant impact. You would not only be contributing to the actual testcase development but also be part of the verification planning and the continuous improvement of our verification environment using the latest methodologies.   Responsibilities    Define and implement self-checking test cases based on functional requirements  Contribute to our ever-evolving verification infrastructure components  Triage of regressions, debug of RTL and Gate level simulations, analysis of coverage, and working with other teams to resolve issues and achieve verification closure  Work with diverse design and verification team members, local and remote      ENTRY LEVEL - Bachelor's degree with up to 2 years of experience or a recent master's grad with no experience.   Understanding standard specifications/ functional specifications/ feature enhancements for the product to create and execute detailed verification plans  Knowledge of SystemVerilog and UVM environments for digital verification  Experience with Synopsys and/or Cadence simulation tools  Experience with System Verilog assertions, functional&#xa0;coverage, and code coverage&#xa0;  Fast learner with the ability to work under minimal supervision  Effective team player&#xa0;with good communication skills  Ability to work in a&#xa0;Unix/Linux operating system environment    This&#xa0;posting&#xa0;is for a replacement vacancy.&#xa0;&#xa0;The expected annual pay range for this position is $76,000 - $100,000.&#xa0;This position is also eligible for&#xa0;&#xa0; bonus opportunities and commission pay.&#xa0;&#xa0;Please note that the final offer amount will be dependent on geographic location, applicable experience, and skillset of the candidate.&#xa0;    Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;  Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics Canada Ltd. (“Renesas Canada”) is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, national or ethnic origin, colour, creed or religion, age, sex (including gender and pregnancy), sexual orientation, marital or civil status, same-sex partnership status, family status, disability and any other characteristic protected by law. Renesas is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities. If you require an accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs. For more information, please read our&#xa0;  Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement  .   Export Control Compliance Condition   Renesas Canada must at all times comply with U.S. and Canadian export control legislative requirements. Current U.S. export control laws require that Renesas Canada obtain a U.S. government export license prior to employing persons in positions with access to certain technology. All positions at Renesas Canada have direct or indirect access to this technology. &#xa0;&#xa0;As a result, it is necessary for Renesas Canada to determine if it would need an export license for new employees. To do so, we ask all candidates for employment whether their most recent country of citizenship or permanent residence is one of the countries specified in the export controls laws or regulations.  Renesas recognizes that you are entitled to human rights and privacy protections in the workplace and takes these obligations seriously. As such, we want you to know that your decision to complete the export control questions is entirely voluntary. Regrettably, should you choose not to complete these questions, we cannot consider you for employment because doing so would jeopardize our ability to comply with the applicable export controls laws. Should you choose to complete the questions, we will use the information collected only to determine if we would need an export license to employ you and not for any other purpose.   Successful candidates must be eligible to meet the requirements of U.S. export control regulations, including (if applicable) the issuance of any required export license prior to starting employment at Renesas Canada. The decision whether to or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas Canada.
