---
title: Sr. DevOps Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Bangalore
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132772669
---

&#xa0;   About the Role:  
As a DevOps Engineer within our Professional Services team, you’ll play a pivotal role in bridging the gap between software development and infrastructure delivery for our enterprise clients. You’ll architect resilient cloud-native environments, streamline deployment pipelines, and deliver tailored automation solutions that drive customer success at scale. This is a high-impact role for a technical expert who thrives on cross-functional collaboration, continuous improvement, and delivering value through infrastructure excellence.   A Day in The Life of Our DevOps Engineer:    Have clear and solid relationships with software development departments.  Plan and document work and projects.  Build and continuously optimize CI/CD process and streamline automation effort&#xa0;for server provisioning and applications deployment.  Build a resilient and scalable service infrastructure to accommodate regions.  Deploy, monitor and scale application services.  Mentor team members and drive knowledge sharing.  Participate in project management and on-going strategic planning.     Who you are and what you’ll need for this position:    6+ years of experience in DevOps / SRE environment.  6+ years of experience working with Linux and Windows systems.  Strong understanding and knowledge of Kubernetes.  Strong understanding and knowledge of cloud infrastructure components such as AWS Cloud (EC2,EKS, RDS, Lambda, Opensearch, S3, FSX, Route53 and&#xa0;network appliances.)  Working knowledge of Jenkins, GitLab or alternative CI systems.  Strong understanding of Infrastructure as a Code approach (Terraform preferred).  Good understanding of Software Development Lifecycle.  Good understanding of microservice architecture.  Good experience in Monitoring k8s clusters, APM, services and infrastructure&#xa0;located in AWS (NewRelic,Prometheus).  Ability to create automation tools in Go, Python, Bash, Powershell.  Familiarity with Continuous Delivery tools used with microservices.  Coding Experience.      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
