---
title: Sr Staff Digital Design Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Catania
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132386899
---

We are looking for a talented Snr Staff Digital Design Engineer with a BSc/MSc in Electrical/Computer Engineering (EE/ECE) and industry experience of 10 plus years. Successful candidate will be reporting to the Snr Manager of Design Engineering.  Our team works on the most advanced digital power management ICs in the industry. This is an excellent full-time/permanent role giving the opportunity to work with an expert team pushing the envelope of digital design, verification, debug, simulation, and automation script development and thus contributing to industry leading chips.  Job Duties: 
- Develop, debug, and verify digital designs in pre and post silicon environment 
- Write tests to verify bulk design intent as per specification. 
- Learn, develop and improve scripts to facilitate design automation flows. 
- Manage assigned design blocks in design requirements, architecture, and implementation 
- Research and present new tools in aid of design development process 
- Act as technical mentor for junior engineers. 
- Represent digital design as functional digital design lead in design projects.   - BSc/MSc in Electrical Engineering/Computer Engineering (EE/ECE) and 10+ years of relevant industry experience 
- Prior design project work experience showing collaborative and innovative thinking 
- Proficient in developing CDC / RDC / LINT clean designs in Verilog 
- Comfortable with debugging mixed-signal designs in System Verilog based test benches 
- Exposed to gate level simulation debug. 
- Experience in designing industry standard serial interfaces (I2C, I3C, SPI, I2S etc) 
- Strong analytical skills and debug methodology 
- Good written and verbal communications skills 
- Working experience with Cadence or Synopsys design tool flows. 
- Hands-on technical leadership role resulting in successful projects.  Preferred skills: 
- Proficient in scripting languages such as Python/Perl 
- Knowledge of ARM cortex M-series processor and computer architecture in general. 
- Exposure to mixed signal designs w/ basic understanding of analog circuits. 
- Experience in digital backend design flow (synthesis / STA / P&amp;R) 
- Full design flow experience (specification, micro-architecture, RTL implementation, backend implementation).   The expected annual pay range for this position is €61,000–€82,000. Please note that the final offer will depend on factors such as geographic location, relevant experience, and the candidate’s skill set.&#xa0; This role is also eligible for a bonus.    Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
