---
title: Staff Analog Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Catania
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132386319
---

Renesas is looking for a Staff Analog Engineer to join the Client Core Power Business Division team in Catania, Italy. In this role, you will work on the design and development of smart power stages and power management integrated circuits (ICs), with the ability to support product definition, and testability. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to deliver innovative solutions that meet our customers' needs.   Key Responsibilities:    Support the design and development of smart power stages and power management ICs.  Design low-power precision analog and mixed-signal circuits including but not limited to: LDOs, Charge Pumps, Bandgaps, Amplifiers, and/or DACs, ADCs.  Collaborate with digital design, layout, and verification teams.  Perform circuit simulations and analysis to optimize performance and reliability.  Conduct design reviews and provide feedback to ensure design quality and compliance with specifications.  Stay updated with the latest industry trends and technologies to drive innovation.     BSEE (8+ years), MSEE (6+ years), or PhD (3+ years) of experience in analog and mixed-signal IC design.  Strong knowledge of analog design principles, including signal processing and power management.  Strong knowledge of transistor level design.  Proficiency in using Cadence design tools.  Problem-solving skills and attention to detail.  Good communication and interpersonal skills.  Good knowledge of written and spoken English.  Ability to work effectively in a team environment.   Preferred Qualifications:   Experience with DC-DC switching converter design.  Experience with advanced process technologies (e.g., CMOS, BiCMOS, BCD).  Familiarity with industry standards and compliance requirements.    The expected annual pay range for this position is €50,000–€67,000. Please note that the final offer will depend on factors such as geographic location, relevant experience, and the candidate’s skill set.&#xa0; This role is also eligible for a bonus.    Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
