---
title: Validation Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Austin, TEXAS
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132874194
---

ENTRY LEVEL - BS WITH UP TO 2 YEARS EXPERIENCE OR A MS WITH 0 EXPERIENCE   100% onsite  As a Validation Engineer in Digital Multiphase Controllers Validation Team in Austin, TX, you will support silicon evaluation requirements to meet evaluation goals set by the product schedule and plan. You will be responsible for fully validating blocks or sections of blocks against the plan as set by the marketing, industry, and design requirements within the timeline agreed at the concept phase of the product. You will work with the validation teams in multiple geographic locations to discover all the bugs the prototype controllers have for a successful sample delivery to customers &amp; confident market ramp up of the products.   Principal Responsibilities    Perform physical silicon device evaluation at chip and board level and document errata to support necessary device modifications.  Deliver silicon evaluation plans, evaluation reports, and regular status updates for the assigned tasks within the agreed timelines by the validation schedule.  Self-track against the schedule and highlight any issues preventing progress promptly to the validation lead  Support Validation Lead with any newly requested requirements or tasks.  Interface directly with members of core teams to resolve application (system bugs) and device-related (silicon bug) issues.  Develop software &amp; hardware for automated measurements to improve execution efficiency.  Independently develop ideas to improve silicon evaluation flow.  Keep track of equipment calibration and take necessary steps to ensure up to date calibration certificates     University degree in Electrical/Electronic Engineering or equivalent -&#xa0; ENTRY LEVEL - BS WITH UP TO 2 YEARS EXPERIENCE OR A MS WITH 0 EXPERIENCE   Knowledge of production flows in the semiconductor related industry  System, hardware, and mixed-signal device (preferably Power management, Digital Multiphase Controllers, and DC/DC converters) validation and debugging skills  Experience in usage &amp; automation of all equipment required for the aforementioned validation  Software skills sufficient to enable measurement automation script development, primarily Python.  Knowledge of SCPI commands to communicate with lab equipment  Understanding of communication protocols e.g. I2C, SPI, SVID, SVI3, AVS, PMBUS, etc.  Results-oriented, able to deliver on time under tight schedule pressure, self-tracking, agile to task adaptation      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
