---
title: Staff Application Engineer (experience in FPGA design/ Verilog)
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Zhubei
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132328919
---

1 Job Purpose and Dimensions:   Lead trainings and technical support for customers/FAE/sales/distributors to design in our Configurable Products, particularly FPGA and GreenPAK. Lead development of application/system design, hardware, software, and documentation.   2 Principal Accountabilities:&#xa0;   Application/Systems design and support using Renesas/CMSD products, particularly FPGA and GreenPAK.  Present trainings to customers as well as Disti/Sales/FAE/AE)  Review and advise on Application designs, HW, SW, Documentation. ·  Feedback issues from field to internal teams and drive improvements in our products and supporting HW/SW/Documentation.  Create new documentation such as application notes and training material.  Create of new IP modules to add to our FPGA library. · Mentor other AE’s in FPGA applications.  Work with TW Design (Zhubei) along with global support teams on New Products (especially FPGA).   3 Key Performance Measures:   Customer and other support case completion  Support material publication  Presentations and training events   4 Key Relationships:   Customers / Distributors  Marketing / FAE / Sales  Development and support teams: Hardware, Software, Design, Product Definition, Product Engineering, Test Engineering, Applications Engineering   5 Organization Chart: Reporting to: Applications Engineering Supervisor or Team Lead    BSEE or equivalent (MSEE preferred)  7+ yrs experience in FPGA applications/design using Verilog ·  Knowledge of mixed-signal system design  Excellent communication / presentation skills  Fluent in technical English and Mandarin      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, disabilities, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
