---
title: AMS Verification Engineer
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Istanbul
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132827885
---

We are looking for an AMS Verification Engineer to join our team based in Istanbul.  Responsibilities   Verification of analog/mixed-signal systems.  Implement test cases at IC and system level.  Develop event driven models for analog IC components and verify them.  Work in collaboration with other teams and engineers.     A degree in Electrical Engineering, Electronics, Information Technology or similar.  Understanding both power management and related auxiliary circuitry: switching converters, linear converters, reference circuitry, bandgaps, data converters, and/or clock generators.  Hands-on experience with verification methodologies and tools, including simulation, waveform analysis, execution automation, coverage collection, and gate-level simulations.  Experience in Event Driven Modelling/Verification is a plus.  Knowledge of SoC verification (System Verilog/Verilog/VHDL/WREAL) and scripting languages (Perl, Python, Tcl) is a plus.  Knowledge of Cadence design/verification tools is an advantage.  Fluent in English, clear written and verbal communications, including code documentation.      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
