---
title: Senior Staff Solutions Marketing Specialist
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Plano, TEXAS
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132856239
---

Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose 'To Make Our Lives&#xa0;Easier.'&#xa0;As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including&#xa0;High Performance&#xa0;Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power.&#xa0;   The Solutions Marketing – Infrastructure Solutions team is responsible for driving channel engagement for our solutions and new product introductions (NPIs). In this role, you will focus on channel meetings, mass-market customers, and driving application-level business opportunities through early customer engagement. The primary focus is the industrial market, including building and industrial automation applications such as electronic door locks, building security, HVAC, and other technologies enabling next-generation solutions.  As the regional lead, you will drive distributor mindshare and engagement for our NPIs and solutions. You will collaborate closely with Sales, Product Groups, and the Solutions Team to formulate and execute strategic engagement plans across all local distributor partners.   Responsibilities    Customer Engagement &amp; Opportunity Development&#xa0;    Engage with major ODMs, contract manufacturers, and traditional OEMs to secure design wins and drive revenue growth.&#xa0;  Orchestrate Business Units, Sales, and FAE’s in solutions promotion and business development activities.&#xa0;  Establish and nurture trusting and productive relationships with key technical and procurement stakeholders in the infrastructure customer base.&#xa0;  Understand market and customer requirements and work with Product Managers to define product requirements and improve product roadmaps.&#xa0;  Identify market opportunities and collaborate with Product Managers,&#xa0;Sales&#xa0;and Business Unit Management to exploit these opportunities.&#xa0;  Research and monitor competition, market dynamics and design windows, and provide recommendations on required responses and/or actions.&#xa0;  Prepare and continuously refine customer presentations to best communicate our value proposition.  Ensure&#xa0;customer&#xa0;facing&#xa0;documents effectively communicate desired messages to maximize impact.&#xa0;  Define and develop product collaterals, competitive analysis, customer&#xa0;presentations&#xa0;and field training material.&#xa0;     10+ years of experience in business development,&#xa0;field applications engineering, marketing, or&#xa0;related roles.  Deep understanding of the infrastructure market, with experience in data centers, servers, telecommunications, and/or networking markets.&#xa0;  Proven ability to follow up on leads and build relationships in the field.  Strong strategic thinking, analytical abilities, and communication skills. Capable of conveying complex concepts clearly, concisely, and effectively.&#xa0;  Ability to work effectively in a matrixed, cross-functional environment, collaborating seamlessly with teams across multiple offices worldwide.    Education    BSEE or related fields. MSEE or MBA is a&#xa0;plus.&#xa0;      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
