---
title: Sr Principal, Program Design
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Hyderabad
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132330051
---

Renesas is one of the top global semiconductor companies in the world. We strive to develop a safer, healthier, greener, and smarter world, and our goal is to make every endpoint intelligent by offering product solutions in the automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT markets. Our robust product portfolio includes world leading MCUs, SoCs, Analog and power products, plus Winning Combination solutions that curate these complementary products. We are a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of electronics you rely on every day; you may not see our products, but they are all around you.  Renesas employs roughly 21,000 people in more than 30 countries worldwide. As a global team, our employees actively embody the Renesas Culture, our guiding principles based on five key elements: Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative, and Entrepreneurial. Renesas believes in, and has a commitment to, diversity and inclusion, with initiatives and a leadership team dedicated to its resources and values. At Renesas, we want to build a sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. Join us and build your future by being part of what’s next in electronics and the world.   Renesas' automotive MCUs holds the No. 1 world-wide market share, and we are now aiming to expand our product lineup to achieve further business growth. Therefore, creating a need to strengthen the organization accordingly. Hardware Development is a vital element necessary to expand our business and this is also why we would like to invite talented Project Managers to join us on our mission.   Key Responsibilities    Drive the Project development for automotive MCU products from Planning to MP (Mass Production) phase on schedule.  Collaborate closely across multiple departments such as Customers, Software Teams, Marketing, Engineering, Finance, Sales and Vendors/Suppliers during project development phase.  Deploy best Program Management Practices: Bottoms-up planning, Dependency mapping, Critical path analysis and Risk mitigation using industry standard planning tools such as MS-Project for Project planning and execution.  Monitor the Project development progress and report the status on a regular basis and escalate issues whenever needed. Also provide regular Project updates to the Senior Management.  Co-ordinate and Conduct Project Gate reviews.  Take personal accountability to drive the projects and deliver them on schedule. Ensure proper project meeting cadence is in place and with regular follow-ups on ALL Action Items to resolve any open issues.  Support Program Manager and project team in all organizational activities during the project development.     Minimum 10 years project management experience in the engineering sector.  Solid technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in&#xa0;of HW Chip development (CPU’s/GPU’s/MCU’s/SoC’s/Memory dev etc.)  Able to plan and manage complex Projects spanning across multiple departments  Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skills  Expertise in Microsoft Office 365 including advanced skills in MS Project  Atlassian JIRA and Confluence  PMP / PMA certificate is a plus  Confident English speaker in a global business environment      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas. Let’s  Shape the Future  together.&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .
