---
title: Engineering Technician 3
company: renesas-electronics-canada
location: Morrisville, North Carolina
posted: 2026-06-18
ats: smartrecruiters
url: https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/RenesasElectronics/744000132922129
---

100% onsite - Morrisville, NC - local candidates preferred - no relocation    Applicants for this position must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Renesas is unable to sponsor applicants for work visas for this position now or in the future.&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;   The position is responsible for supporting daily semiconductor test operations using testers, probers and test equipment. The ideal candidate is someone with experience working with probers and testers with an ability to troubleshoot and solve issues that arise, as well as recommend areas of operational improvement.   Roles and responsibilities    Support the setup and frequent docking/undocking ATE to prober/handler based on daily engineering/production activities.  Diagnose and trouble shoot handlers/test stations when problems arise, working with local Renesas engineers and vendors (if needed) to bring up equipment  Perform device-level testing by hand using ATE and test equipment  Debug hardware including ATE boards, sockets and probe cards  Troubleshoot occasional test board performance issues and elevate to engineers for a permanent fix  Gather engineering data by using Oscilloscopes, network analyzers, multi-meters, and basic semiconductor test equipment.  Maintenance support for handler and test equipment including periodic preventive maintenance and calibration activities  Generate and maintain equipment calibration and PM records for annual ISO-9001 audits.  Support off shift (5pm-1am), weekend activities as needed (10% of the time)     Competency Requirements    Familiar with ATE test platforms such as Advantest and Cohu.  Experience with Advantest 93K, Cohu Diamond a plus  Familiar with wafer probers and can prepare and run wafer sort setups.  Be able to communicate well with engineers and cross-functional support groups  Self-starter, completing tasks with minimal supervision  Willing to take on challenging technical activities and troubleshooting equipment  Ability to multi-task while paying careful attention to detail  Be able to communicate well with engineers and cross-functional support groups  Familiar with TEL probers a plus    Minimum Qualifications     Applicants for this position must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Renesas is unable to sponsor applicants for work visas for this position now or in the future.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;  No relocation - local candidates preferred  Technical Diploma  At least 2-3 years of experience testing semiconductors on ATE setups.  Knowledgeable in basic semiconductor test processes  Knowledge of basic Microsoft applications – Word, Excel      Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog &amp; Connectivity, and Power. 
&#xa0; 
With a diverse team of over 22,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘ To Make Our Lives Easier .’&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0; 
&#xa0; 
At Renesas, you can:&#xa0;    Launch and advance your career  in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.&#xa0;&#xa0;     Make a real impact  by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.&#xa0;     Maximize your performance and wellbeing  in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;   Are you ready to own your success and make your mark? &#xa0;  Join Renesas.  Shape Your Future with Us .&#xa0;&#xa0;  Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to celebrating diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.&#xa0;For more information, please read our&#xa0; Diversity &amp; Inclusion Statement .  Renesas Electronics deals with dual-use technology that is subject to U.S. export controls regulations. Under these regulations it may be necessary for Renesas to obtain U.S. government export license prior to release of technology to certain persons. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at the sole discretion of Renesas.
