---
title: Procurement Manager
company: cmc-microsystems
location: Markham, Ontario, Canada
posted: 2026-04-16
ats: recruitee
url: https://huaweicanada.recruitee.com/o/procurement-manager
---

Huawei Canada has an immediate permanent opening for a Procurement Manager.          About the Team:      From Procurement to Finance to IT services and much more, the Quality &amp; Operation Department provides critical support for all of Huawei Canada. This department prides itself on its ability to solve complex problems, often under tight deadlines, while provided world class service. The department’s name reflects its commitment to quality and operational excellence.        About the Job:    &nbsp;      Collect and understand business/project needs, and work with the business to draft potential SOW’s and RFI/RFP’s.      Based on the business/project needs and HQ/local procurement policies, follow the procurement process, suggest procurement strategy, and source from new or existing vendors.      Negotiate with potential vendors with the business/project team, prepare the procurement agreement, and follow the procurement process to complete the procurement.      Purchase Order fulfilment. Process PO from electronic system to ensure supplier receives correct order information and deliver as required. As well as manage PO issuing, change or cancel as per business needs.      Support the procurement manager to complete demand collection, market trend analysis, product and service sourcing, as well as supplier management.      Organize communication with internal management and internal clients for business reporting and planning, suppliers periodically according to the categorization management.      Gather and analyze industrial markets, clients, R&amp;D information in-time according to the category of materials, for the sourcing potential suppliers to ensure validity of procurement strategies.      Develop the procurement benchmark, and establish procurement strategy for different categories.      Evaluate the deliverables and the vendors, and review the project for areas for improvement in the future.      Award and manage contracts and any other ad hoc work may be assigned.        The    total target annual compensation    for this position ranges from $48,000 to $94,000 depending depending on education, experience, and demonstrated expertise.
