---
title: Senior Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP)
company: cmc-microsystems
location: Markham, Ontario, Canada
posted: 2026-02-19
ats: recruitee
url: https://huaweicanada.recruitee.com/o/senior-human-resources-business-partner-hrbp
---

Huawei Canada has an immediate permanent&nbsp;opening for a Senior     Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP)          About the team:      As a strategic partner supporting all of Huawei Canada, the Human Resource Department plays a pivotal role in attracting, developing, and retaining top talent while ensuring compliance with corporate and legal standards. By prioritizing employee well-being and professional growth, this department cultivates a culture of collaboration and success. The Human Resource Department is committed to aligning workforce strategies with Huawei’s vision, driving sustainable growth and organizational effectiveness.           About the job:        Coach/advise the local leadership team and counsel to all employees, including more junior HR personnel on all HR matters.      Effectively operate, adapt and continuously optimize HR processes, implement the company's HR policies, including pass on and practice the company's core values, talent acquisition and talent development, incentive management, performance management.      Deliver HR training as required around HR policy, processes and best practices, building and leveraging strong relations to improve the HR management capabilities of managers through enablement.      Manage all leaves (vacation, STD/LTD/Maternity Leave); payroll management and assistance as required.      Provide input into organizational effectiveness to client groups by helping to identify, develop, and recommend excellent experts and junior-level employees.      Provide assistance during the onboarding process; Manage attrition including conducting exit interviews.      Assist in the performance management process, as well as the annual compensation planning process.      Provide employee relations advice, manage employee relationships, create a healthy and dynamic organizational climate.      Represent HR at management team meetings, responsible for communicating HR deliverables to leadership and employees.        The    total target annual compensation    for this position ranges from $90,000 - $140,000 depending on education, experience, and demonstrated expertise.
