---
title: Senior Engineer - Large Model and Training System Performance Optimization
company: cmc-microsystems
location: Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
posted: 2025-04-01
ats: recruitee
url: https://huaweicanada.recruitee.com/o/senior-engineer-5
---

Huawei Canada has an immediate permanent&nbsp;opening for a Senior Engineer.        About the team:&nbsp;      The Computing Data Application Acceleration Lab aims to create a leading global data analytics platform organized into three specialized teams using innovative programming technologies. This team focuses on full-stack innovations, including software-hardware co-design and optimizing data efficiency at both the storage and runtime layers. This team also develops next-generation GPU architecture for gaming, cloud rendering, VR/AR, and Metaverse applications.      One of the goals of this lab are to enhance algorithm performance and training efficiency across industries, fostering long-term competitiveness.        About the job:        Track the trend of AI theory and technology development in the world and generate research report and proposals for promoting Ascend system accordingly.        Lead or participate in research of algorithms in accelerating the training of the market-driven AI models (CV/NLP/GNN/…), reaching/exceeding the state of the art accuracy, and develop a proof of concept of the algorithms. Those algorithms include but are not limited to the following: optimizers, loss functions, new model architecture, mix precision, model compression, learning technologies (e.g., meta-learning), etc.        Publish relevant high-quality AI research papers when necessary and approved, and attend conferences for increasing public awareness of Huawei’s Ascend products; file high-value patents on critical algorithms/processes that are of potential business gain.        Team up with other departments/teams from Huawei’s global research centers for collaboration.        Assist the team lead on the&nbsp;planning of projects and definition of technology/products development road map.        The base salary for this position ranges from $121,000 to $230,000 depending on education, experience and demonstrated expertise.
