---
title: Senior Researcher - AI Powered Big Data Platform
company: cmc-microsystems
location: Markham, Ontario, Canada
posted: 2025-01-07
ats: recruitee
url: https://huaweicanada.recruitee.com/o/senior-researcher-ai-powered-big-data-platform
---

Huawei Canada has an immediate permanent&nbsp;opening for a&nbsp;Senior Researcher.              About the team:    The Computing Data Application Acceleration Lab aims to create a leading global data analytics platform organized into three specialized teams using innovative programming technologies. This team focuses on full-stack innovations, including software-hardware co-design and optimizing data efficiency at both the storage and runtime layers. This team also develops next-generation GPU architecture for gaming, cloud rendering, VR/AR, and Metaverse applications.  One of the goals of this lab are to enhance algorithm performance and training efficiency across industries, fostering long-term competitiveness.           About the job:        Track the emerging technical trends and developments for big data and AI systems in both industry and academia, conduct in-depth insight and survey analysis, and identify the direction of key cutting-edge technologies for AI-powered big data systems.      Collaborate closely with stakeholders to comprehend their business needs thoroughly. Translate these requirements into innovative and effective technology solutions that align with organizational objectives.      Analyze and define key software requirements and features, develop the proof-of-concept (PoC) AI-powered big data system infrastructure (based on our existing infrastructure) and optimize its performance and performance per cost.      Integrate the PoC system into our existing product and deliver it to the production team.      Generate intellectual property such as patents and trade-secrets from research findings, and/or publish papers in peer-reviewed scientific journals/conferences.      Present research findings at conferences and participate in research collaborations with external research institutes and universities.
