---
title: Technical VP - AI & Data Storage
company: cmc-microsystems
location: Markham, Ontario, Canada
posted: 2025-07-18
ats: recruitee
url: https://huaweicanada.recruitee.com/o/technical-vp-ai-data-storage
---

Huawei Canada has an immediate permanent opening for a Technical VP.          About the team:       The Emerging Storage Lab is a research group based at Huawei Canada's Toronto Research Centre that is focused on next-generation data and storage technologies and innovations. Our team comprises graduate computer engineers and computer scientists with diverse industry experience, ranging from 0 to over 20 years. This lab investigates various data storage-related topics, including data management, data catalog, data fabric, file systems, storage networks, and AI storage, aiming to advance the field and drive data storage technological progress in the new AI era.         About the job:        Define technology roadmap for AI &amp; data storage, aligning with global R&amp;D and business objectives. Set the global research agenda for AI-optimized storage and data platforms, including data lakes, warehouses, and intelligence systems.      Lead the lab’s transition to data-centric AI data storage research, ensuring our innovations align with industry transformation. Drive pioneering research in AI/LLM-optimized data intelligence systems, scalable data lakes/warehouses and data storage.      Serve as both architect and evangelist, shaping the technical roadmap while maintaining hands-on involvement in critical projects. Hands-on involvement in architecture reviews, performance optimizations, and critical design decisions. Prototype next-gen architectures that unify storage, data analytics, and AI into a cohesive data stack.      Lead a world-class research lab, mentoring top-tier engineers and researchers, fostering a culture of innovation and collaboration.      Shape industry standards by publishing influential research, patenting novel approaches, and representing Huawei in top-tier tech forums.
