---
title: Technical Recruiter
company: cmc-microsystems
location: Markham, Ontario, Canada
posted: 2026-05-27
ats: recruitee
url: https://huaweicanada.recruitee.com/o/technical-recruiter-2-8
---

Huawei Canada has an immediate 12-month contract opening for a Technical Recruiter.          About the team:      As a strategic partner supporting all of Huawei Canada, the Human Resource Department plays a pivotal role in attracting, developing, and retaining top talent while ensuring compliance with corporate and legal standards. By prioritizing employee well-being and professional growth, this department cultivates a culture of collaboration and success. The Human Resource Department is committed to aligning workforce strategies with Huawei’s vision, driving sustainable growth and organizational effectiveness.             About the job:         Manage the recruitment process end-to-end and effectively attract, source, and interview candidates.      Implement sourcing strategies to target niche technical roles and maintain a diverse and qualified candidate pool.      Conduct talent mapping and other activities to identify and target top technical talent.      Negotiate compensation packages with candidates and create compensation package proposals while leading the negotiation and offer process.      Alongside the Recruitment Coordinator, administrate the approval process. Collect and create candidate documentation and maintain document management best practices.      Work closely with hiring managers in a consultative manner ensuring the best hiring decisions are made and in a timely manner.      Participate in career fairs, networking events, and potentially other projects or recruitment initiatives.      Participate in triannual co-op recruitment cycles. Meet tight deadlines for high-volume interviewing and selection.        The    total target annual compensation    (based on 2,080 hours per year) ranges from $48,000 to $94,000 depending on education, experience, and demonstrated expertise.
