---
title: Technical VP - Big Data Platform
company: cmc-microsystems
location: Markham, Ontario, Canada
posted: 2024-04-10
ats: recruitee
url: https://huaweicanada.recruitee.com/o/technical-vp-big-data-platform
---

Huawei Canada has an immediate permanent&nbsp;opening for a&nbsp;Technical VP.            About the team:       The Computing Data Application Acceleration Lab aims to create a leading global data analytics platform organized into three specialized teams using innovative programming technologies. This team focuses on full-stack innovations, including software-hardware co-design and optimizing data efficiency at both the storage and runtime layers. This team also develops next-generation GPU architecture for gaming, cloud rendering, VR/AR, and Metaverse applications.      One of the goals of this lab are to enhance algorithm performance and training efficiency across industries, fostering long-term competitiveness.        About the job:        Conduct in-depth analysis and gain insights into mainstream products and advanced technologies in the data domain. Lead core technological breakthroughs and innovation in areas including big data engines, databases, data-AI integration, data engineering for large models, and hardware-software co-design for heterogeneous platforms. Explore the evolving direction of AI and big data/database, driving the advancement of cutting-edge technologies.      Formulate a comprehensive "Data+AI" technology strategy and roadmap, acting as a technical visionary on projects to ensure commercial success. Lead the development of data-domain products, creating industry-leading Data+AI solutions to meet the data processing demands of the large model era.      Attract top global talent in the data domain to build a world-class research team. Lead the team to deliver high-quality, competitive products, ensuring the leading position in the market. Serve as the Chair of the Big Data Committee, presiding over major technical design reviews and the decision-making process.      Engage with the big data industry and academic communities through conferences and other forums. Leverage open-source platforms and projects to enhance the influence of the Kunpeng architecture and its ecosystem in the AI and big data landscape.
