---
title: Channel Account Manager
company: march-networks
location: 
posted: 2026-06-04
ats: workable
url: https://apply.workable.com/j/1002DD6497
---

Channel Account Manager – Dallas / North Texas, USA      At March Networks, our goal is to create a positive working environment where all of our employees can thrive. When you join our team, you’ll enjoy flexibility and support for a healthy work-life balance, as well as the professional development opportunities needed to advance your career. You’ll be part of a growing global technology company that encourages teamwork and innovation, and where friendships are forged with colleagues all over the world. At March Networks, we value your hard work, creativity and your passionate desire to deliver only the best to our customers, partners and each other.   Description    The goal of this role is to increase new business revenues through the sale of March Networks products by new and existing channel partners in your territory. You have the potential to have a significant revenue impact on the company and through our Sales Compensation Plan; you have the opportunity to benefit from that growth.   Duties:   ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ability to convert mid-market opportunities to March Networks by working with channel partners as well as direct engagement with end users  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Identify and develop new business opportunities for March Networks with channel partners   ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Structure and manage relationships with new and existing systems integrators, VARs, and strategic partners.   ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Drive channel sales by developing relationships and evangelizing solutions with channel partner sales teams. Identify and execute joint marketing programs to create new sales opportunities.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Gain and maintain mind share of sales representatives at our channel partners so that March Networks is viewed as a preferred set of products for their customers and prospects   ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Assist channel partner representatives with the positioning and sale of March Networks products, through presentations and demonstrations   ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Develop and expand partner services opportunities.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Champion the interests and value of channel partners within the organization.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Set short-term and long-term sales strategies.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Inform prospects and customers of sales promotions.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Maintain prospect and customer records to help in preparing sales forecasts, market analysis and assessing competitor activity.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Submit reports pertaining to sales activity, potential sale opportunities and market trends.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Submit accurate rolling project forecasts looking out 360 days.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Give constructive and quantitative information to help maintenance of product manuals.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Give feedback to business development managers and product management regarding competitor pricing, markets trends and technology innovations in the field.   ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Participate and assist with trade shows, conventions, customer functions and industry-wide affairs as needed.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Work and cooperate with all sales, customer service, technical and management personnel.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Continually assess the ROI of all sales activities in the assigned region    &nbsp;   Education/Qualifications/Experience:   ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; University degree.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3-5 years of successful sales background or experience in networks, client/server knowledge and/or CCTV/video surveillance work experience.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Proven channel sales success track record in the territory  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Previous experience successfully working out of a home based office.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Exceptional communication skills, excellent organizational skills.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Proven track record in ensuring customer satisfaction.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Solid understanding of commercial transactions and sales business.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Have sold and provided solutions for numerous business and technical clients.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Strong written, project management and technical aptitude skills are essential.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Demonstrated skills and abilities in collaborative efforts with experience in team/project-oriented activities.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Demonstrated openness to new ideas and approaches.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Excellent planning and time management skills.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Strong understanding and appreciation of a diverse work environment.  ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Demonstrated ability to act independently upon information and make decisions that achieve optimal results  &nbsp;   Benefits    Why Work at March Networks ?  &nbsp;   Competitive salary plus commission   Medical/Dental benefits offered immediately from Day 1  EAP access  Professional development support  Company holiday closure   &nbsp;  March Networks is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workforce.  &nbsp;  Please note March Networks does use AI as part of the recruitment process.
