---
title: Senior Software Development Engineer in Test (Magnet-Griffeye)
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: Gothenburg
posted: 2026-02-12
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/0c9b468c-c9cc-4960-8d0d-958c02b9c515
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role Overview 
 
The Senior Software Development Engineer in Test is responsible for automating the testing of both new and existing products and components. This role involves mentoring colleagues, providing technical guidance, and leading the development of internal engineering and quality tools and frameworks. You’ll work hand-in-hand with development teams to guarantee efficient, dependable, and comprehensive product testing by applying cutting-edge technologies and best practices.
