---
title: I Want to Work in Vulnerability Research & Exploit Engineering
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: TBD
posted: 2023-09-26
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/1c4a6264-1904-4191-a0a2-96c5dc5c07e8
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Magnet Forensics is growing and showing no signs of slowing down! This is your chance to join our Vulnerability Research Talent Pool who may not see an ideal role today but want to be considered for one in the future.
 
We are looking for talented iOS and/or Android Vulnerability Researchers with a desire to work on a mission-driven product, who want to work alongside a world-class Vulnerability Research team, and most of all, love to solve complex problems.

Imagine working on a high-impact product for society that may be used to help rescue victims. As an iOS and/or Android Vulnerability Researcher at Magnet Forensics, your technical expertise will directly help Law Enforcement with expediting evidence justly and truthfully. You will be extremely important when it comes to building out the features of The GrayKey. 

The ideal candidate knows how to think outside the box, able to deliver robust capabilities, and has a strong passion to be constantly learning. 

*THESE ROLES ARE REMOTE*

*Please also note that we encourage you to apply to positions that you are interested in, even if you are already a part of our Vulnerability Research and Exploit Engineering Talent Pipeline. This ensures optimal visibility for you as a candidate!
