---
title: Sales Development Representative (EMEA)
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: Germany
posted: 2026-06-16
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/49f8894c-93e0-46d6-8f0e-7a6bd63b16e3
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role Overview 
 
At Magnet Forensics Inc, the Sales Development Reps are the frontlines of the Customer experience. Working closely with the Sales and Marketing teams, the Sales Development Representative (SDR) is a key player in our strategic growth plans. Through a combination of top of funnel activities, including both inbound lead response and outbound prospecting, the SDR will generate and qualify sales opportunities for our Account Executives. The most exciting part of this role is the opportunity for growth. At Magnet Forensics, successful SDRs will learn the fundamentals of Sales and Marketing providing a foundation for a career in Business Development, Sales, Marketing and more!   
 
Who Should Apply:
 
As a successful candidate for this role, you are passionate about developing new skills and building a network of peers & mentors. You are motivated by healthy competition and you’re eager to be the leader of a winning group or team. You display resiliency when faced with adversity, and ultimately, you are naturally curious, consistently looking for novel ways to solve problems and improve processes.
