---
title: Senior Customer Delivery Specialist – West Coast (United States)
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: Washington (WA)
posted: 2026-04-03
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/66f99f0f-ae62-43f5-9bd3-9e164ac4b529
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role Overview:The Senior Customer Delivery Specialist is a senior customer-facing role within the Technical Delivery team. In this position, you will be responsible for leading complex customer onboarding engagements, driving strategic adoption initiatives with management, and service as a technical and customer success subject matter expert.
As a Senior Customer Delivery Specialist, you will help guide and mentor the Technical Delivery team and help implement best practices to ensure successful customer adoption and product growth.
NOTE 1: Candidates must currently reside on the West Coast of The United States. 
NOTE 2: Candidates must hold United States citizenship.
