---
title: Director, Public Sector Sales - LATAM
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: Sao Paulo
posted: 2026-05-08
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/691275fe-fee7-47f5-a864-661487a6af2e
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role Overview
Magnet Forensics, a leader in digital forensics solutions, is seeking a dynamic Director of Sales to lead a team of Account Managers covering the LATAM region. This pivotal role is responsible for driving the team to exceed revenue targets and execute the company’s go-to-market strategy. The Director will actively engage in the region to identify, progress, and close strategic opportunities while fostering a high-performance team culture. Collaborating cross-functionally across the Company, the Director will ensure alignment to achieve revenue goals. The ideal candidate is a proven sales leader with exceptional coaching, presentation and selling skills.
