---
title: Senior Product Manager, Graykey
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: Waterloo / Ottawa / Toronto/ Ontario
posted: 2026-05-27
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/a072c259-001a-4353-90f1-d8725d505318
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role Overview
We are looking for an experienced and impact-driven Senior Product Manager to play a key role in the strategy, roadmap, and lifecycle of Graykey. Graykey is one of our most strategic and differentiated product lines that sits at the intersection of hardware, software, and digital forensic workflows. Reporting to the Director, Product Management, this role is responsible for translating customer and business needs into a clear product vision and executable plans, while partnering closely with Software Engineering, Marketing, Sales, Hardware, and Customer Success.

This role is well-suited to someone who thrives in highly complex, mission-critical
environments and is comfortable navigating tightly coupled hardware/software systems, evolving platform integrations, and customer-driven innovation. You will act as a strong advocate for customer needs, balancing technical feasibility, scalability, cost, and time to market in partnership with cross-functional teams.
