---
title: Senior Frontend Software Engineer, GKOS
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: United States
posted: 2026-05-11
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/bbcb0429-991f-4b2e-9b99-24fcbdc0e346
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role OverviewWe’re looking for an experienced Senior Frontend Software Engineer who excels in technical problem-solving and has a broad impact within engineering teams. You’re skilled at designing and shipping high-quality code, with a strong focus on developer experience, scalability, and performance. You have contributed to shared frameworks or design systems and take pride in supporting others to adopt better development patterns.

As a Senior Frontend Software Engineer, you’ll contribute to and help shape the way our products are developed and experienced. Your work will help product teams deliver faster, safer, and more consistent customer experiences. You’ll actively collaborate with peers in Engineering and UX to build core user experiences on our Graykey platform that will be the digital front door for customers accessing the device.

In this role, you’ll be a builder, collaborator, and mentor. You’ll work alongside others to design reusable UI frameworks, modernize legacy codebases, and support engineering teams as they adopt improved patterns, tooling, and practices.
NOTE: Candidate must reside in The United States or Canada.
