---
title: Solutions Consultant
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: United Kingdom
posted: 2026-05-04
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/bca282a5-0179-4229-b4a5-bcddc027232a
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role Overview
We are a dynamic team who are passionate about the work we do. We are inspired because our work makes a difference and there is a shared sense of purpose in our culture. 
We work in cross functional teams to regularly experiment, iterate, and deliver on new goals, pushing the boundaries in everything we do to bring world class digital forensics tools to law enforcement, government agencies, and corporations. 
As a Solutions Consultant, you will serve as the key technical advisor and product advocate during the sales process. Your role will involve working closely with the sales team to understand customer requirements and provide innovative solutions that meet their needs. You will be responsible for delivering compelling product demonstrations and presentations, effectively communicating the value proposition to potential clients.  
Your digital forensic technical expertise and knowledge of investigations will be relied upon for advancing the sales cycle and ensuring both short and long-term customer success of our clients.  This starts by building strong relationships internally with the sales team and culminates in establishing a high level of trust with customers. You will report to the Director, Sales Engineering, responsible for overseeing your region.
