---
title: Senior DevOps Engineer (Network Specialist)
company: magnet-forensics-inc
location: Canada
posted: 2026-05-13
ats: lever
url: https://jobs.lever.co/magnetforensics/cbe695bc-24bd-4b57-a765-4a0ae6fb0867
---

Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going
 
Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.
 
Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.
 
With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity. 
 
If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you! 

Role Overview 
We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Senior DevOps Engineer to join our dynamic team and play a key role in designing, implementing, and operating scalable, secure, and highly available network architectures in AWS. 
This role will be part of the engineering organization and responsible for building and managing complex multi-account, multi-region network topologies, ensuring secure and efficient connectivity between services, environments, and cloud regions. 
This role requires a strong foundation in AWS networking concepts, infrastructure as code, and DevOps practices. You will work closely with Application, Platform, and Security teams to enable secure-by-design architectures, enforce network segmentation, and improve automation and reliability across our cloud environments. 
As a member of a technically diverse team, you’ll pitch in across domains like Security and SaaS Ops at times as well.
