---
title: finish carpenter
employer: Wyecroft Trim
address: Stittsville , ON K2S 0L5
posted: March 11, 2026
salary: $36.00 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49088870?source=searchresults
---

Education: No degree, certificate or diploma. Work site environment: At heights. Confined spaces. Noisy. Work setting: Construction. Various locations. Residential. Tasks: Read blueprints, drawings and sketches to determine work requirements. Prepare layouts in conformance to building codes, using measuring tools. Measure, cut, shape, assemble and join materials made of wood, wood substitutes, lightweight steel and other materials. Build foundations, install floor beams, lay subflooring and erect walls and roof systems. Fit and install windows, doors, stairs, mouldings and hardware. Instruct apprentices. Maintain, repair and renovate residences and wooden structures in mills, mines, hospitals, industrial plants and other establishments. Equipment and machinery experience: Hand tools. Transportation/travel information: Own transportation. Willing to travel. Valid driver's licence. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Bending, crouching, kneeling. Combination of sitting, standing, walking. Handling heavy loads. Large workload. Physically demanding. Own tools/equipment: Tools. Steel-toed safety boots. Hard hat. Screening questions: Are you authorized to work in Canada?. Are you available to start on the date listed in the job posting?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Experience: 3 years to less than 5 years. Employment terms options: Day.
