---
title: carpenter-joiner
employer: Coffrages Synergy
address: Gloucester , ON K1B 4V5
posted: April 15, 2026
salary: $38.82 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49342748?source=searchresults
---

Education: No degree, certificate or diploma. Work site environment: At heights. Noisy. Dusty. Outdoors. Work setting: Construction. Tasks: Read blueprints, drawings and sketches to determine work requirements. Prepare layouts in conformance to building codes, using measuring tools. Measure, cut, shape, assemble and join materials made of wood, wood substitutes, lightweight steel and other materials. Build foundations, install floor beams, lay subflooring and erect walls and roof systems. Survey building locations and levels. Instruct apprentices. Supervise other workers. Maintain, repair and renovate residences and wooden structures in mills, mines, hospitals, industrial plants and other establishments. Supervision: 3-4 people. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Handling heavy loads. Physically demanding. Personal suitability: Reliability. Team player. Screening questions: Are you authorized to work in Canada?. Do you live near the job location?. Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years. Employment terms options: Day. Weekend. Overtime available. Financial benefits: As per collective agreement. Other benefits: Other benefits. Wellness program. Support for persons with disabilities: Provides auditory accessibility accommodations (for example: transcription software, teletypewriters, etc.). Applies accessible and inclusive recruitment policies that accommodate persons with disabilities . Support for newcomers and refugees: Offers mentorship programs that pair newcomers and/or refugees with experienced employees . Support for youths: Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth. Support for Indigenous people: Participates in a government or community program or initiative that supports Indigenous people. Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for Indigenous workers . Develops and maintains relationships with indigenous communities, indigenous-owned businesses and organizations . Support for mature workers: Offers phased retirement options that allow mature workers to gradually reduce their workload (for example: flexible or reduced work hours, part time employment, project-based or seasonal work, etc.) . Offers phased re-entry options for mature workers who are returning to work after retiring (for example: gradually increasing hours and responsibilities) . Provides workspace accommodations, such as age-appropriate ergonomic considerations, to meet the physical needs of mature workers (for example: adjustable desks and chairs, accessible parking, etc.) . Supports for visible minorities: Applies hiring policies that discourage discrimination against members of visible minorities (for example: anonymizing the hiring process, etc.).
