---
title: motor vehicle transmission mechanic
employer: B&N TRANSMISSION INC
address: Ottawa , ON K1Y 3G9
posted: April 17, 2026
salary: $36.00 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49352833?source=searchresults
---

Education: College, CEGEP or other non-university certificate or diploma from a program of 3 months to less than 1 year. Work site environment: Dusty. Dirty. Hot. Noisy. Work setting: Garage. Workshop. Tasks: Adjust, repair or replace parts and components of commercial transport truck systems. Confirm findings with supervisor to determine whether to repair or replace unit. Discuss work with supervisor. Inspect and test mechanical units to locate faults and malfunctions. Inspect mechanical units to locate faults and malfunctions. Test automotive systems and components. Adjust, repair or replace parts and components of automotive systems. Repair or replace mechanical units or components. Test and adjust repaired systems to manufacturer's specifications. Estimate parts and labour cost to perform vehicle maintenance and repairs . Test and adjust units to specifications. Complete reports to record problems and work performed. Area of specialization: Automatic transmission. Standard transmission. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Transportation/travel information: Own transportation. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Hand-eye co-ordination. Attention to detail. Standing for extended periods. Personal suitability: Accurate. Dependability. Excellent oral communication. Flexibility. Judgement. Reliability. Team player. Punctuality. Screening questions: Do you have experience working in this field?. Do you have the required certifications listed in the job posting?. Employment terms options: Early morning. Evening. Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years. Employment terms options: Flexible hours. Morning. Day. Weekend. Other benefits: Free parking available. Learning/training paid by employer. Team building opportunities. Transportation provided by employer. Parking available. Support for newcomers and refugees: Assists with immediate settlement needs of newcomers and/or refugees (for example: housing, transportation, storage, childcare, winter clothing, etc.). Supports social and labour market integration of newcomers and/or refugees (for example: facilitating access to community resources, language training, skills training, etc.). Recruits newcomers and/or refugees who were displaced by a conflict or a natural disaster (for example: Ukraine, Afghanistan, etc.) . Supports newcomers and/or refugees with foreign credential recognition. Offers mentorship programs that pair newcomers and/or refugees with experienced employees . Provides diversity and cross-cultural trainings to create a welcoming work environment for newcomers and/or refugees . Does not require Canadian work experience. Support for youths: Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth. Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for youth. Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for youth. Support for Indigenous people: Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for Indigenous workers . Provides cultural competency training and/or awareness training to all employees to create a welcoming work environment for Indigenous workers . Facilitates access to Elders who can offer support and guidance to Indigenous workers . Support for mature workers: Applies hiring policies that discourage age discrimination . Provides staff with awareness training to create a welcoming work environment for mature workers . Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for mature workers . Offers phased retirement options that allow mature workers to gradually reduce their workload (for example: flexible or reduced work hours, part time employment, project-based or seasonal work, etc.) . Provides workspace accommodations, such as age-appropriate ergonomic considerations, to meet the physical needs of mature workers (for example: adjustable desks and chairs, accessible parking, etc.) . Offers resources to help mature workers plan their retirement (for example: financial planning, access to pens
