---
title: specialist chef
employer: Pita Bell Kabab
address: 1696 CARLING AVE. Ottawa , ON K2A 1C6
posted: May 22, 2026
salary: $36.50 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49562588?source=searchresults
---

Education: Secondary (high) school graduation certificate. or equivalent experience. Work site environment: Odours. Hot. Work setting: Restaurant. Willing to relocate. Ranks of chefs: Head chef. Tasks: Maintain records of food costs, consumption, sales and inventory. Demonstrate new cooking techniques and new equipment to cooking staff. Supervise activities of specialist chefs, chefs, cooks and other kitchen workers. Instruct cooks in preparation, cooking, garnishing and presentation of food. Prepare and cook complete meals and specialty foods for events such as banquets. Supervise cooks and other kitchen staff. Prepare and cook food on a regular basis, or for special guests or functions. Prepare and cook meals or specialty foods. Requisition food and kitchen supplies. Supervision: 5-10 people. Cuisine specialties: Turkish. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Fast-paced environment. Work under pressure. Tight deadlines. Physically demanding. Attention to detail. Standing for extended periods. Personal suitability: Flexibility. Organized. Team player. Screening questions: Are you authorized to work in Canada?. Are you available to start on the date listed in the job posting?. Are you willing to relocate for this position?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Employment terms options: Evening. Experience: 2 years to less than 3 years. Employment terms options: Morning. Night. Day. Weekend. Financial benefits: As per collective agreement. Gratuities. Other benefits: Free parking available. Other benefits.
