---
title: food and beverage server
employer: Kuma Takumi
address: Kanata , ON
posted: May 24, 2026
salary: $17.60 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49574812?source=searchresults
---

*Job Overview* We are seeking a dedicated and enthusiastic Server to join our team in creating memorable dining experiences for our guests. The ideal candidate will have a passion for the food industry and a commitment to providing exceptional hospitality. As a Server, you will be responsible for ensuring that all guests receive prompt, friendly, and efficient service while maintaining high standards of cleanliness and sanitation. *Duties* * Greet and seat guests in a friendly manner, ensuring they feel welcome. * Present menus, take orders, and provide recommendations based on guest preferences. * Serve food and beverages promptly while ensuring accuracy in orders. * Maintain cleanliness and organization of the dining area, including sanitizing tables and utensils. * Handle cash transactions accurately using the POS system. * Collaborate with kitchen staff to ensure timely preparation of orders. * Address guest inquiries or concerns with professionalism and courtesy. * Assist in setting up and breaking down dining areas for special events or functions. * Adhere to all food handling and safety regulations. *Skills* * Experience in the food industry or hospitality is preferred. * Strong knowledge of food service practices, including sanitation standards. * Proficient in cash handling and basic math skills for accurate billing. * Excellent guest service skills with a focus on creating positive dining experiences. * Familiarity with POS systems for order processing is a plus. * Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced kitchen environment while maintaining composure under pressure. * Strong communication skills to interact with guests and team members effectively. * A commitment to teamwork and collaboration within the restaurant setting. *English and Mandarin are Required.* Pay: From $17.60 per hour Language: * English (required) * Mandarin (required) Work Location: In person
