---
title: registered physiotherapist
employer: Apollo Physical therapy Centre
address: Kanata , ON
posted: May 24, 2026
salary: $56,821.80 to $122,631.50 annually
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49573307?source=searchresults
---

Apollo Physical Therapy Clinic is excited to announce the opening of our new sister clinic, NeuroKin-X Performance in *Kanata! * We are currently finishing renovations on our new *athletic performance clinic * and we are looking for a Registered Physiotherapist to join our team! We are part of an 18,000 sq. ft. performance ecosystem where healthcare, sport, and innovation come together. Our facility brings together the *Peak Centre for Human Performance* (a leading performance testing lab), the *Peak Academy* for performance athletes, an *indoor golf experience*, a *healthy smoothie bar*, and our *NeuroKin*-*X Performance Clinic* We care deeply about the people we serve and the team we build, and we're committed to creating an environment that supports long-term health for our clients and our practitioners alike. Chiropractors, physiotherapists, massage therapists, kinesiologists, and support staff deliver care through an integrated model, combining advanced therapies, movement and cognitive training, and recovery technologies. Together, we help athletes and executives recover smarter, perform stronger, and build resilience for the long term. We are seeking a *Registered Physiotherapist* with a passion for *working with athletes*, using a *performance-based, movement-focused approach to support recovery and return to activity. *Our new clinic is located at *555 March Rd in Kanata, Ontario.* We are *open from Mon ? Fri*, no weekends. Some evenings may be required. *Expected start date is mid-June 2026!* Key Responsibilities * Assess, diagnose, and deliver high-level treatment tailored to high-performance individuals. * Create structured treatment and performance plans with measurable outcomes. * Integrate recovery, mobility, and resilience strategies into care delivery. * Contribute to clinic vitality by maintaining a consistent, engaged client base. *Requirements:* Membership and good standing with the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario. Maintain up-to-date malpractice/liability insurance coverage. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $56,821.80-$122,631.50 per year Benefits: * On-site parking Application question(s): * Are you a Registered Physiotherapist? Work Location: In person
