---
title: domestic housekeeper
employer: Coffrages Synergy
address: Gloucester , ON K1B 4V5
posted: May 25, 2026
salary: $19.75 to $21.00 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49580086?source=searchresults
---

Education: No degree, certificate or diploma. Work setting: Commercial building. Tasks: Sweep, mop, wash and polish floors. Dust furniture. Vacuum carpeting, area rugs, draperies and upholstered furniture. Distribute clean towels and toiletries. Clean, disinfect and polish kitchen and bathroom fixtures and appliances. Pick up debris and empty trash containers. Perform light housekeeping and cleaning duties. Wash windows, walls and ceilings. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Repetitive tasks. Attention to detail. Bending, crouching, kneeling. Combination of sitting, standing, walking. Standing for extended periods. Weight handling: Up to 9 kg (20 lbs). Personal suitability: Punctuality. Organized. Reliability. Screening questions: Are you authorized to work in Canada?. Do you live near the job location?. Employment terms options: Evening. Experience: Experience an asset. Employment terms options: Day. Overtime available. Health benefits: Health care plan. Financial benefits: Bonus. Other benefits: Other benefits. Support for persons with disabilities: Provides auditory accessibility accommodations (for example: transcription software, teletypewriters, etc.). Applies accessible and inclusive recruitment policies that accommodate persons with disabilities . Support for newcomers and refugees: Offers mentorship programs that pair newcomers and/or refugees with experienced employees . Support for youths: Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth. Support for Indigenous people: Participates in a government or community program or initiative that supports Indigenous people. Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for Indigenous workers . Develops and maintains relationships with indigenous communities, indigenous-owned businesses and organizations . Support for mature workers: Offers phased retirement options that allow mature workers to gradually reduce their workload (for example: flexible or reduced work hours, part time employment, project-based or seasonal work, etc.) . Offers phased re-entry options for mature workers who are returning to work after retiring (for example: gradually increasing hours and responsibilities) . Provides workspace accommodations, such as age-appropriate ergonomic considerations, to meet the physical needs of mature workers (for example: adjustable desks and chairs, accessible parking, etc.) . Supports for visible minorities: Applies hiring policies that discourage discrimination against members of visible minorities (for example: anonymizing the hiring process, etc.).
