---
title: brewery labourer
employer: Dominion City Brewing Co.
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: May 27, 2026
salary: $19.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49599266?source=searchresults
---

*Brewery Labourer (Full-Time / Temporary - 3 months)* *Pay:* From CA$19.00 per hour *Job description:* Dominion City Brewing Company is hiring a motivated and reliable Brewery Labourer (3-month contract). This role is based out of our 5510 Canotek Road, Ottawa location, which is a production brewery, warehouse and packaging facility. This full-time/temporary role is perfect for someone who enjoys being on the move, working with a team, and keeping things organized behind the scenes. This is a temporary position with a 3-month commitment. $19.00/hr plus tip pool What You?ll Do *Delivery Operations* * Deliver cans and kegs to homes and licensed businesses * Load and unload delivery vehicles safely and efficiently * Pack and organize orders for local and Ontario-wide distribution *Warehouse* * Pack and prepare delivery vans * Move pallets, cases, and brewery materials safely throughout the facility * Build and stage pallets for larger deliveries and events *Production Support* * Pitch in on the canning line and support packaging operations as needed * Clean and sanitize kegs, equipment, and production areas * Prepare materials and supplies for packaging and production runs *Team Collaboration* * Work closely with the Warehouse Coordinator, FOH/BOH, and Management * Maintain open communication to ensure smooth day-to-day operations *What You Bring* *Required Qualifications* * Valid ?G? driver?s license with a clean driving record * Physically capable of lifting/moving heavy items up to 60kg * Solid understanding of warehouse logistics and safety * Reliable, detail-oriented, and able to follow delivery and packing procedures * Able to manage time effectively and work independently * Strong communication skills and team-focused mindset *Preferred Qualifications* * Previous experience in a warehouse or delivery role * Familiarity with Ontario?s alcohol delivery regulations * Knowledge of beer styles and interest in craft beer * Experience operating pallet jacks and warehouse tools We believe in decent work and offer paid sick days and a generous employee discount program. We also believe a diverse team is a strong team. If you think you're a fit we'd love to hear from you. Send us your Resume and tell us why you want to be part of the team. Resumés can be sent to info@dominioncity.ca. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract Contract length: 3 months Benefits: * Casual dress * Discounted or free food * On-site parking * Store discount Experience: * driver: 1 year (preferred) Licence/Certification: * Ontario G driver's licence (required) Pay: $19.00 per hour Work Location: In person
