---
title: early childhood educator (E.C.E.)
employer: Zida Academy
address: Stittsville , ON K2S 1N9
posted: May 27, 2026
salary: $20.00 to $25.00 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49598285?source=searchresults
---

Education: College/CEGEP. Work site environment: Noisy. Non-smoking. Air conditioned. Work setting: Child care centre. Urban area. Nursery school. Rural area. Kindergarten. Before and after school programs. Day care centre or nursery school. Elementary school. Tasks: Bathe, diaper and feed infants and toddlers. Develop and implement child-care programs that support and promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Storytelling. Supervise staff, trainees or volunteers. Assist early childhood educators in carrying out programs that promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Lead activities by telling or reading stories, teaching songs and taking children to local points of interest. Order supplies and equipment. Assist early childhood educators or supervisors in keeping records. Encourage children to express creativity through the media of art, dramatic play, music and physical activity. Engage children in activities by telling stories, teaching songs and preparing crafts. Guide and assist children in the development of proper eating, dressing and toilet habits. Prepare snacks and arrange rooms or furniture for lunch and rest periods. Observe children for signs of potential learning or behavioural problems and prepare reports for parents, guardians or supervisor. Submit written observations on children to early childhood educators or supervisors. Discuss progress and problems of children at staff meetings. Knowledge of licensing regulations. Establish guidelines for behaviour. Attend staff meetings to discuss progress and problems of children. Establish and maintain collaborative relationships with co-workers and community service providers working with children. Plan and maintain an environment that protects the health, security and well-being of children. Plan and organize activities for school-age children in child-care programs before and after regular school hours. Supervise and co-ordinate activities of other early childhood educators and early childhood educator assistants. Certificates, licences, memberships, and courses : Emergency child care first aid and CPR. Food allergy and anaphylaxis training. First Aid Certificate. CPR Certificate. Security and safety: Immunization records. Vulnerable sector check. Transportation/travel information: Own transportation. Public transportation is available. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Repetitive tasks. Physically demanding. Attention to detail. Combination of sitting, standing, walking. Bending, crouching, kneeling. Manual dexterity. Personal suitability: Punctuality. Dependability. Efficient interpersonal skills. Excellent oral communication. Excellent written communication. Flexibility. Interpersonal awareness. Judgement. Reliability. Team player. Values and ethics. Initiative. Organized. Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years. Employment terms options: On call. Other benefits: Other benefits.
