---
title: automotive service technician
employer: Abboudi’s auto
address: Ottawa , ON K1G 3W3
posted: May 27, 2026
salary: $30.00 to $33.00 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49598763?source=searchresults
---

Education: Secondary (high) school graduation certificate. Work site environment: Noisy. Work setting: Garage. Workshop. Tasks: Confirm findings with supervisor to determine whether to repair or replace unit. Discuss work with supervisor. Inspect and test mechanical units to locate faults and malfunctions. Inspect mechanical units to locate faults and malfunctions. Inspect motor in operation. Review work orders . Road test motor vehicles . Test automotive systems and components. Adjust, repair or replace parts and components of automotive systems. Repair or replace mechanical units or components. Test and adjust repaired systems to manufacturer's specifications. Estimate parts and labour cost to perform vehicle maintenance and repairs . Perform scheduled maintenance service. Test and adjust units to specifications. Advise customers on work performed and future repair requirements. Complete reports to record problems and work performed. Coach and instruct apprentices. Provide customer service. Area of specialization: Engine repair. 4-wheel drive. Diagnostics. Alignment, steering and suspension. Brake system. Fuel and emission system. Ignition and electrical system. Automatic transmission. Engine repair and overhaul. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Hand-eye co-ordination. Attention to detail. Manual dexterity. Personal suitability: Accurate. Dependability. Flexibility. Reliability. Screening questions: Are you authorized to work in Canada?. Are you available for shift or on-call work?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Employment terms options: Evening. Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years. Employment terms options: Morning. Night. Day. Weekend. Green job: Involves duties and responsibilities that lead to positive environmental outcomes.
