---
title: driver, truck
employer: Scaffold-Fast (Ottawa) Inc.
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: May 29, 2026
salary: $25.00 to $30.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49612904?source=searchresults
---

Scaffold-Fast (Ottawa) Inc. offers a good respectful team environment as well as a competitive salary, sick days and benefits after completion of the 3-month probation period. *Job Description Summary* Scaffold-Fast (Ottawa) Inc. is looking to hire a punctual, hardworking, dedicated individual that believes the customer is a number one priority and that will become part of our team in order to fill the position of DZ Driver. This position requires someone who is willing to learn the task of a warehouse labourer as well. *Duties and Responsibilities* * Operate DZ?class or non-DZ commercial vehicles safely for scheduled deliveries and pickups * Loading and unloading trucks * Verify load accuracy, secure cargo properly, and ensure weight distribution meets safety standards. * Maintain accurate logbooks or electronic logging device (ELD) entries. * Complete delivery paperwork, inspection reports, and incident forms as required. * Communicate effectively with dispatch, supervisors, customers, and site personnel. * Complete daily pre?trip, en?route, and post?trip inspections and document findings accurately. * Report mechanical issues, defects, or safety concerns promptly to maintenance teams. * Keep the vehicle clean, organized, and in good working condition at all times. * Lifting and moving material * Provide warehouse assistance * Prepare orders * Working in a team setting _Please note that this is not a complete list of duties and responsibilities but just examples of what the job can entail. More duties and responsibilities can be added as the employer sees fit for the position._ *Requirements* * Good customer service skills * Ability to learn new skills * Ability to work well in a team * Ability to work overtime if required * Ability to lift material that is up to 50lbs manually * Valid Ontario DZ Driver?s License ? must be in good standing with a clean abstract. * Clean Driver?s Abstract ? no major convictions, suspensions, or patterns of unsafe driving. * Ability to complete pre?trip, on?route, and post?trip inspections according to CVOR requirements. * Eligibility to work in Canada ? citizenship, PR, or valid work permit. *Experience Requirements* * 1?3 years of DZ driving experience (local, regional, or industry?specific). * Experience operating straight trucks, flatbeds, or roll?offs, depending on the role. * Familiarity with logbooks, electronic logging devices (ELDs), and delivery documentation. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: * Company events * Dental care * Extended health care * Life insurance * On-site parking * RRSP match Experience: * delivery driving: 1 year (required) Work Location: In person Pay: $25.00-$30.00 per hour Benefits: * Dental care * Life insurance * Paid time off * RRSP match * Vision care Work Location: In person
