---
title: warehouse associate
employer: Mikhaiel Logistics
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 01, 2026
salary: $19.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49626164?source=searchresults
---

We are seeking a dedicated and experienced *Warehouse Associate* to join our Ottawa team. The ideal candidate will have proven experience in inventory management as well as operating a counterbalance, reach truck, and ride-on walkie. If you?re committed to safety, teamwork, and operational excellence, we?d love to have you contribute to our success! *Key Responsibilities:* * Operate Counterbalance, Reach Truck, and Ride-on Walkie to perform daily tasks assigned. * Loading, and offloading the products. * Shipping, and receiving. * Inventory management, including verifying and counting products. * Wrapping a skid prior to loading it to the trailer. * Circle check of machines before and after use to ensure safe work environment. * Report any damaged products to the QC department. * Work in a team to meet daily targets. * Keep work area neat and clean. * Follow safety rules and regulations to have a safe work environment. * Other duties as assigned by Supervisor *Qualifications & Experience:* * Must have at least 1 year?s experience working as a Warehouse Associate. * Previous experience operating a Counterbalance, Reach Truck, and Ride-on Walkie is required. * Previous experience in inventory management. * A valid forklift license and previous experience in a Reach Truck Operator position is considered a strong asset (Crown and Raymond). * Having experience with dock stockers and reach trucks is considered a strong asset. * RF scanner experience is considered as a strong asset. * Must be comfortable with repetitive lifting up to 50 Lbs. * CSA-approved safety shoes. *Hours of Work: *7:30 AM ? 4:00 PM (Monday ? Friday), subject to change *Pay Rate: *Starting at $19.00 per hour *Posting Date: *Monday, June 1st, 2026 *Closing Date:* Open Until Filled Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Pay: From $19.00 per hour Benefits: * Dental care * Extended health care * Vision care Application question(s): * Please describe your experience as a Warehouse Associate with order picking and/or reach truck operation. Include details such as the types of equipment you've used, the length of your experience, and any specific skills or certifications you have. * Please describe your experience in Inventory Management. Include details such as the types of equipment you?ve used, the length of your experience, and any specific skills or certifications you have. Experience: * Counterbalance Operator: 1 year (required) * Ride-On Walkie Operator: 1 year (required) * Warehouse Associate: 1 year (required) * Reach Operator : 1 year (required) Licence/Certification: * Forklift Licence (preferred) Work Location: In person
