---
title: sales associate
employer: Michael Kors Rideau Center
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 01, 2026
salary: $17.60 to $25.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49628568?source=searchresults
---

WHO YOU ARE: Our contributors at Michael Kors are stylish fashion forward individuals who have a drive to achieve results and a passion for customer engagement. As a Sales Associate, you are a team player who has the ability to multitask and is focused on building lasting client relationships. You will work in a fun, inspiring and rewarding environment with opportunities for development and growth. WHAT YOU?LL DO: * Drive results through delivering an elevated customer experience * Perform operational tasks with excellence * Achieve productivity goals through multitasking and prioritizing responsibilities * Demonstrate flexibility and desire for individual growth in a fast-paced store environment * Foster customer relationships by continually developing knowledge of current trends and styling techniques. * Brainstorm with management to create innovative ways in order to maximize personal sales results. * Drive Omni channel sales by utilizing all available tools and technology WE?D LOVE TO SEE: * 2+ years of relevant retail experience * A self-starter with the ability to drive results * Energetic and motivated with the ability to engage; a true brand ambassador * Customer service obsessed; ability to sell with a passion for styling and love for fashion * Technologically savvy individual with an entrepreneurial spirit MK PERKS: * Cross-Brand Discount * Internal mobility across Capri Brands (Michael Kors, Jimmy Choo, Versace) * Clothing Allotment * Exclusive Employee Sales * Flexible schedule At Capri, we are all responsible for creating a diverse and inclusive workplace.?We try to inspire change and growth within each other and believe success is a result that comes from our differences.?Capri is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusivity regardless of age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic characteristics, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship, disability, marital status, military status, pregnancy, or any other legally-recognized protected basis prohibited by applicable law. M/D/F/V Accommodations for applicants, including applicants with disabilities, are available in all aspects of the Company?s selection and recruitment process, upon request.? If you require any form of accommodation, please contact the Human Resources department at CanadaHR@michaelkors.com . ABOUT US: Michael Kors is a world-renowned, award-winning designer of luxury accessories and ready-to-wear. His namesake company, established in 1981, produces a range of products under his signature Michael Kors Collection and MICHAEL Michael Kors labels. These products include accessories, footwear, watches, jewelry, men?s and women?s ready-to-wear, eyewear and a full line of fragrance products. Michael Kors stores are operated, either directly or through licensing partners, in some of the most prestigious cities in the world, including New York, Beverly Hills, Chicago, London, Milan, Paris, Munich, Istanbul, Dubai, Seoul, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Rio de Janeiro. Behind this burgeoning empire stands a singular designer with an innate sense of glamour and an unfailing eye for timeless chic. Michael Kors has won numerous accolades within the fashion industry, been honored for his philanthropy, and earned the respect and affection of millions. Wholly dedicated to a vision of style that is as sophisticated as it is indulgent, as iconic as it is modern, he has created an enduring luxury lifestyle empire with a global reach. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Pay: $17.60-$25.00 per hour Benefits: * Flexible schedule * Paid time off * Store discount Work Location: In person
