---
title: line cook
employer: Greek Village Souvlaki
address: Nepean , ON
posted: June 02, 2026
salary: $18.00 to $22.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49635969?source=searchresults
---

*Overview* We are seeking a dedicated and skilled Line Cook to join our culinary team. As a Line Cook, you will play a crucial role in the preparation and presentation of high-quality dishes that delight our guests. This position requires a passion for food, attention to detail, and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced kitchen environment. If you thrive in a collaborative setting and have a strong understanding of food safety and kitchen operations, we would love to hear from you. *Responsibilities* * Prepare and cook menu items according to established recipes and standards. * Ensure all food is prepared in a timely manner to meet service requirements. * Maintain cleanliness and organization of the kitchen workspace, including cooking stations and equipment. * Adhere to food safety regulations and proper food handling practices at all times. * Assist with inventory management by monitoring stock levels of ingredients and supplies. * Collaborate with other kitchen staff to ensure smooth operations during meal preparation. * Participate in menu planning and contribute ideas for new dishes or improvements. * Follow all health and safety guidelines to maintain a safe working environment. *Experience* * Previous experience in *Greek* food service or restaurant settings is preferred. * Knowledge of food safety standards and best practices in food handling. * Familiarity with various cooking techniques, equipment, and kitchen tools. * Ability to work effectively as part of a team while also being self-motivated. * Strong communication skills to coordinate with other staff members efficiently. * A passion for the culinary arts and commitment to delivering exceptional meals. Join us in creating memorable dining experiences through your culinary skills! Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Pay: $18.00-$22.00 per hour Benefits: * Discounted or free food * Flexible schedule * On-site parking * Store discount Education: * Secondary School (preferred) Experience: * Cooking: 3 years (preferred) Language: * English (required) Licence/Certification: * Food Handler Certification (preferred) * Food Safe, SafeCheck, Food Handler or equivalent (preferred) Work Location: In person
