---
title: plumber
employer: JMR Electric Ltd.
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 02, 2026
salary: $47.00 to $47.40 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49637613?source=searchresults
---

*Company Overview* For over 40 years, JMR Electric Ltd. has established itself as one of Ontario's leading full-service mechanical and electrical contractor. Our dynamic team is dedicated to exceeding service industry standards throughout the province. As a family-owned and operated construction company located in Exeter ON, we have built a reputation of excellence by delivering mechanical and electrical services for projects in healthcare facilities, colleges, universities, and recreational centers. JMR is currently seeking a Journeyman Plumber with experience in new construction. *Responsibilities:* * Read blueprints, drawings and specifications to determine layout of plumbing system, water supply network and waste and drainage systems * Install, repair and maintain domestic, commercial or industrial plumbing fixtures and systems * Locate and mark positions for pipe connections, passage holes and fixtures in walls and floors * Measure, cut, bend and thread pipes using hand and power tools or machines * Join pipes using couplings, clamps, screws, bolts, cement or soldering, brazing and welding equipment * Test pipes for leaks using air and water pressure gauges *Qualifications:* * Licensed Red Seal Plumber, COT Registered in good standing * Commercial and Institutional construction an asset * Valid G drivers license and transportation * Gas License (G1-3) an asset * Safety Training Level 1-Working at Heights, WHIMIS 2015, Health & Safety Awareness, Elevating Work Platforms. This is a full time position that offers full benefit and pension package well above the industry standards. JMR is an Equal Opportunity Employer working with construction projects both in and out of town. Only individuals selected for the interview will be contacted. Visit us at *www.jmrelectric.ca* Job Type: Full-time Position: Vacant Job Type: Full-time Pay: $47.00-$47.40 per hour Benefits: * Dental care * Life insurance Work Location: On the road
