---
title: accounts supervisor
employer: Canadian Forces Morale and Welfare Services - CFMWS
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 03, 2026
salary: $76,840.00 to $97,270.00 annually
source: Jobillico
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49642966?source=searchresults
---

<strong>CFMWS - WHERE PURPOSE MEETS PASSION!</strong><p><span>At Canadian Forces Morale and Welfare Services (CFMWS), we?re more than just a workplace; we?re a proud community dedicated to supporting Canadian Armed Forces members, veterans and their families in their daily lives. We carefully curate and provide programs and services designed to meet their unique needs and enhance their mental, social, physical, financial and familial well-being. CFMWS employees deliver programs and services including recreation, sports and fitness programs, customized financial services, retail services, access to retail savings and discounts and offers family support and organizes charity events.</span></p> <p><span>Our success stems from living our values. Our employees care about their role in supporting Canadian Armed Forces members, veterans and their families and act with integrity in all they do. Thriving in our close-knit environment, we act as one team with one mission. We constantly seek new ideas and creative ways to deliver the best possible programs and services.</span></p> <p><span>As an employer, we offer a commitment to your health, wellness and growth. We provide a diverse range of roles across many locations and a career where you can make a meaningful impact.</span></p><strong>THE ROLE</strong><p><span>Imagine the excitement and ability to show off your incredible skills in a deployed environment (overseas) for six months coordinating travel for the Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) from across the world! As a deployed Travel Benefits Coordinator or Supervisor, you are not just providing travel services, but enhancing the morale and welfare of all the troops deployed.</span></p> <p><span>The Travel Benefits Coordinator and Supervisor are part of an enthusiastic team of adventurous individuals who enjoy meaningful employment and contributing in a team-based environment. Excited by the opportunity to deploy as a civilian among CAF personnel abroad, you are a team player with a positive attitude in a fast-paced setting. You are able to adapt to new challenges in an ever-changing dynamic environment. </span></p> <p><span>The Travel Benefits Coordinator and Supervisor coordinate a critical part of any deployment; vacation. You will coordinate travel to reunite CAF members with family at home or to an approved destination somewhere around the world. You will conduct briefings, provide advice and guidance while ensuring policy is followed and financial claims are completed and processed correctly. </span></p> <p><span><strong>The Supervisor is selected from the pool of Coordinator candidates and after successful completion of the Training and Selection Course.</strong></span></p> <p><span>The Supervisor leads and manages the Travel department. They support a team of Coordinators towards delivering exceptional service for the CAF members, while ensuring policies and procedures are followed. They are responsible for managing the team members? schedules, performance management, and overall operation of the department.</span></p> <p><span>The Travel Benefits Coordinator and Supervisor plays an important role in enhancing the morale of military members by planning recreational activities, outings and events. Keeping the military energized ensures they are mentally and physically ready to sustain the difficulties of military operations, and live healthy balanced lives.</span></p> <p><span>This is an exciting and rewarding opportunity that does not come along often!</span></p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS NEEDED</strong><p><span><strong><span>Education, Certifications and Licenses</span></strong><span> </span></span></p> <p><span>College diploma or certificate in Tourism and Travel, Business Administration, Adult </span><span>Training or a related field</span></p> <p><span>Valid driver?s license (Province)</span></p> <p><span>Canadian citizenship</span></p> <p><span>Must have a valid Canadian passport</span></p> <p><span><strong><span>Experience</span
