---
title: presser - laundry and dry cleaning
employer: Hillary Dry Cleaners
address: Ottawa , ON K1Y 3B1
posted: June 03, 2026
salary: $19.00 to $22.00 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49641193?source=searchresults
---

Education: Secondary (high) school graduation certificate. or equivalent experience. Tasks: Operate dry-cleaning and washing machines, dryers and blow-drying machines. Hand fold and bag shirts, sheets and other articles. Hand iron laundered fine linens or dry-cleaned silk garments. Operate finishing equipment such as steam pressers, and use hand irons to finish pants, jackets, shirts, skirts and other dry cleaned and laundered articles. Assemble and bag finished articles. Check finished dry-cleaned or laundered articles to ensure that establishment standards are met. Match invoices or tags with dry-cleaned or laundered articles. Record damage or improper cleaning or laundering of articles. Use hand-held steam iron to touch up finished garments and other articles. Provide customer service. Type of experience: Dry cleaning (general). Equipment and machinery experience: Dryers. Flat press. Hand-held steam irons. Hot head press (laundry). Shirt presser. Steam press (dry cleaners). Steam press (laundry). Washing machines. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Attention to detail. Fast-paced environment. Hand-eye co-ordination. Repetitive tasks. Standing for extended periods. Personal suitability: Client focus. Team player. Experience: Will train. Employment terms options: Day. Other benefits: Free parking available. On-site amenities.
