---
title: carpenter
employer: Wyecroft Trim & Door Group
address: Stittsville , ON
posted: June 05, 2026
salary: $21.36 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49658487?source=searchresults
---

*Overview* We are seeking a versatile and skilled person to join our manufacturing team. This role involves working on a variety of projects that require technical expertise, hands-on craftsmanship, and the ability to interpret technical drawings and schematics. The ideal candidate will have experience in finish carpentry. Candidates must be detail-oriented, safety-conscious, and capable of heavy lifting and working with various tools and equipment. *Responsibilities* * Read and interpret blueprints, schematics, and construction drawings to accurately execute project plans. * Experience using hand tools and power tools- such as saws, drills, hammers, levels, and measuring devices efficiently and safely. * Support heavy lifting tasks safely while adhering to safety protocols. * Maintain a clean work environment and ensure all safety standards are followed on-site. * Collaborate with team members to complete projects on time and within scope. *Requirements* * Proven experience in finish carpentry. * Knowledge of blueprint reading and schematics is essential. * Ability to operate hand tools and power tools safely and effectively.. * Ability to perform heavy lifting and work in physically demanding environments. * Excellent problem-solving skills with attention to detail. * Must be able to work independently and as part of a team. Pay: From $21.36 per hour Work Location: In person
