---
title: specialist chef
employer: Ek Bar Ottawa
address: Ottawa , ON K1R 7R1
posted: June 05, 2026
salary: $36.50 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49656894?source=searchresults
---

Education: Secondary (high) school graduation certificate. or equivalent experience. Work setting: Central food commissary. Bakery. Tasks: Maintain records of food costs, consumption, sales and inventory. Demonstrate new cooking techniques and new equipment to cooking staff. Supervise activities of specialist chefs, chefs, cooks and other kitchen workers. Create new recipes. Instruct cooks in preparation, cooking, garnishing and presentation of food. Prepare and cook complete meals and specialty foods for events such as banquets. Prepare and cook food on a regular basis, or for special guests or functions. Prepare and cook meals or specialty foods. Requisition food and kitchen supplies. Arrange for equipment purchases and repairs. Consult with clients regarding weddings, banquets and specialty functions. Plan and direct food preparation and cooking activities of several restaurants. Plan menus and ensure food meets quality standards. Prepare dishes for customers with food allergies or intolerances. Train staff in preparation, cooking and handling of food. Supervision: 5-10 people. Food specialties: Bakery goods and desserts. Cereals, grains and pulses. Cold kitchen. Eggs and dairy. Fish and seafood. Meat, poultry and game. Stocks, soups and sauces. Vegetables, fruits, nuts and mushrooms. Chocolate. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Fast-paced environment. Handling heavy loads. Physically demanding. Attention to detail. Personal suitability: Leadership. Dependability. Organized. Reliability. Team player. Employment terms options: Evening. Experience: 3 years to less than 5 years. Employment terms options: Morning. Day. Weekend.
