---
title: registered early childhood educator (RECE)
employer: Garderie Oasis Child Care Centre
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 04, 2026
salary: $26.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49654637?source=searchresults
---

*About us:* Oasis Childcare Centre is a licensed childcare centre dedicated to providing a safe, nurturing, and inclusive learning environment where children can grow, explore, and thrive. We are seeking a passionate and qualified Registered Early Childhood Educator (RECE) to join our team. We are looking for a fun, dedicated, responsible individual for our programs. The educator is responsible for the health and safety of the children, carry out program related house-keeping duties, and to develop programming based on ELECT and How Does Learning Happen? There are 1 full time (approx 8 hrs/day). *Qualifications:* RECE Able to work in a team environment Excellent communication skills; bilingual preferred. First Aid and CPR Certificate Updated Police Record Check Updated Immunization Record Salary: 26.00 including $2 (WEG) Salary is based on experience and qualifications. *What we offer:* * Professional development and training opportunities. * Supportive and collaborative work environment. * Health and wellness benefits (if applicable). *Key Responsibilities:* * Plan and implement age-appropriate educational programs and activities. * Foster children's social, emotional, cognitive, and physical development. * Create a positive, safe, and inclusive classroom environment. * Observe, document, and communicate children's progress with families. * Ensure compliance with licensing regulations, health and safety standards, and centre policies. * Collaborate with team members to support children's individual needs. * Maintain accurate records and documentation as required. * The educator will be responsible for completing bi-yearly evaluations, daily reports and maintaining up-to-date information on Storypark. *When applying, please send resume and cover letter. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.* Job Types: Full-time, Contract Pay: $26.00 per hour Language: * Are you bilingual (preferred) Work Location: In person
