---
title: cook
employer: | fresh corn tortilleria | - la dinamita - | taco dynamite |
address: Gloucester , ON
posted: June 04, 2026
salary: $20.86 hourly
source: ZipRecruiter
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49653937?source=searchresults
---

<h3>Job Description</h3><div>Job Description<div><p>- Provide Support, Help & Assistance (Very Important) to the 1st cook tortilla maker | fresh corn tortillas | producer.</p><p>- Able to learn & follow Standard (RULES) Procedures and Standard Food Production Recipes when making, cooling down and packaging the fresh corn tortillas.</p><p>- Able to follow and use properly personal Hand Gloves, Chef Jacket, Apron, Face-Mask and Hair Net, or Chef Hat protective equipment.</p><p>- Take Care (Be Careful with equipment), Maintain , Wash and Clean Tortilla Equipment (ALWAYS FOLLOWING CORRECT KITCHEN PRODUCTION CLEANING PROCEDURES).</p><p>- Store and Stock Clean Equipment in an Orderly Manner.</p><p>- Hard-working and Responsible is an Asset (Good attitude to Serve Customers and perform production daily work).</p><p>- Physical speed is an advantage (KITCHEN PRODUCTION SPEED [ LIKE SPEEDY-GONZLES ] PREPARATION SPEED).</p><p>- Food Production Experience HOTEL BANQUET KITCHEN PRODUCTION (IMPORTANT).</p><p>- Cleanliness and KITCHEN Organization skills are advantages.</p><p>- Keep kitchen tools on their own space where they belong. (KEEP WORKING STATION CLEANED AND ORGANIZED).</p><p>- Clean and Sanitize Working Station.</p><p>- Some physical jobs such as lifting and receiving of product involved up to 50lbs.</p><p>- Some verbal instruction involved, so verbal English or Spanish are required. (WORKING AND COMMUNICATION IMPORTANT {TEAM PLAYER}).</p><p>- Kitchen or bakery experience are advantages.</p><p>- Do not eat during work in the Main Kitchen Production Area. (IMPORTANT NO FOOD CROSS-CONTAMINATION).</p><p>- Clean and maintain working space (BROOM AND SWEEP WORKING KITCHEN PRODUCTION FLOORS).</p><p>- Clean personal hygiene is required, to produce the fresh corn tortillas.</p><p>- Being able to interact with customers, respectfully and friendly with clients.</p><p>- Show interest and eager to learn at work are advantages.</p><p>- Kitchen Work Portafolio (ACCEPTED) with pictures of Plated Food Dishes (FOR CANDIDATES WITH KITCHEN WORK EXPERIENCE).</p><p>- Empty garbage bins, clean and wash them, put them back in place.</p><p>- Clean the washroom.</p><p>- FOOD HANDLER CERTIFICATE ( REQUIRED TO KNOW AND FOLLOW FOOD KITCHEN PRODUCTION SANITARY STANDARDS ).</p></div>Company Description<div>Sales Rep | fresh corn tortillas |</div></div><h3>Company Description</h3><div>Sales Rep | fresh corn tortillas |</div>
