---
title: registered early childhood educator (RECE)
employer: BrightPath Kids Canada
address: Nepean , ON
posted: June 05, 2026
salary: $21.00 to $21.00 hourly
source: CareerBeacon
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49661384?source=searchresults
---

Centre: Fallowfield, ONPay Range: $21-22 per hour, Government Wage Enhancement offered on top of hourly payJob Type: Full-TimeNo evenings or weekends!Build your career in the early childhood education field and become a valued member of our team at BrightPath Kids! As a proud member of the Busy Bees global childcare community, we offer exceptional opportunities for your career to thrive. Join our diverse community of over 5,000 dedicated employees, and experience competitive pay and benefits, including a childcare discount. With our rapid growth, now is the perfect time to apply and shape an extraordinary future with us. Unleash your potential and join BrightPath!What will you be doing? As a Registered Early Childhood Educator, you will work side-by-side with teachers and families to provide a home away from home for children in our care. Responsibilities include:? Developing and implementing a program in line with BrightPath's curriculum that supports the development of children.? Maintaining an environment that protects the well-being of children.? Assessing the abilities, interests, and needs of children and discuss progress with parents and other staff.? Establishing collaborative relationships with co-workers, management, and families.? Attending staff meetings and professional development opportunities as necessary.? Working to maintain cleanliness and organization of classroom materials.? Other duties as assigned.Top Reasons to join BrightPath Kids:? We offer a 40% child care discount to ALL Full-time employees &amp; 10% to Part-time so that your family can take advantage of our great learning environment! ? We will support your long-term career goals by offering opportunities for professional development and tuition reimbursement for courses related to your field. ? Full-time staff are eligible to participate in a retirement plan (RRSP) which offers a company match ? this is free money! ? Full-time and Part-time staff receive 6 days of sick time per calendar year. ? Full-time staff are given 10 paid statutory holidays off. ? Full-time staff are paid for at least 10 vacation days per calendar year. ? Full-time staff are offered health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance and life insurance.Requirements: ? Registered Early Childhood Educator (RECE) - must be a member in good standing with the Ontario College of ECE ? Must meet province requirements for childcare employment ? Current Standard First Aid and infant child CPR? Current immunization and health assessment as per the local Minister of Health Requirements If this sounds like a good fit, we want to meet you! Please submit your application today.
