---
title: physiotherapist
employer: Dinh Wellness Centre
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 06, 2026
salary: $50.00 to $120.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49664544?source=searchresults
---

We are a multidisciplinary clinic. In our treatments, besides using manual therapy to alleviate pain and improve mobility, we also incorporate traditional eastern techniques such as fire cupping, tui na, gua sha/graston techniques, A.R.T (Active Release Technique) and acupuncture. With these techniques, not only are we able to bring temporary relief but we can treat the core issue. In addition, we also offer naturopathic and nutritional consultation for internal issues and maintenance of long term health. Our new location in Ottawa is looking for a Physiotherapist, willing and ready to improve their skills and ready to market themselves to draw new or existing patients to our clinic. We will aim to fill your schedule with 6-8 clients a day depending on your comfort level. Advantages * Start date: ASAP ( as soon as possible ) * Provide training and teach new techniques as needed * Provide you with new clients * Hours: Flexible - Monday to Thursday * Part-Time *administrative support* (scheduling, billing, direct insurance submissions) * *JaneApp booking system* * Supplies such as *linens, and treatment tables* provided Qualifications * Licensed for practicing Physiotherapy in Ontario with the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario * French (Asset) * Commitment to professional development and patient-centered outcomes. * Resident Physios must have a Supervising Physiotherapist to be hired. * Knowledge of additional modalities or areas of specialty is an asset. * Must have a vehicle or live within 10-15min walking distance. Education: * Master's Degree (preferred) * Graduated within the last 5 years (preferred) Summary: If this sounds like something you or someone you know would be interested in please apply. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $50.00-$120.00 per hour Work Location: In person
