---
title: early childhood supervisor
employer: Zida Academy
address: Stittsville , ON K2S 1N9
posted: June 08, 2026
salary: $28.00 to $30.00 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49673714?source=searchresults
---

Education: College/CEGEP. Work site environment: Noisy. Non-smoking. Air conditioned. Work setting: Child care centre. Nursery school. Kindergarten. Day care centre or nursery school. Tasks: Develop and implement child-care programs that support and promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Supervise staff, trainees or volunteers. Assist early childhood educators in carrying out programs that promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Order supplies and equipment. Discuss progress and problems of children at staff meetings. Knowledge of licensing regulations. Establish guidelines for behaviour. Attend staff meetings to discuss progress and problems of children. Establish and maintain collaborative relationships with co-workers and community service providers working with children. Plan and maintain an environment that protects the health, security and well-being of children. Supervise and co-ordinate activities of other early childhood educators and early childhood educator assistants. Supervision: 5-10 people. Certificates, licences, memberships, and courses : Emergency child care first aid and CPR. Member of the College of Early Childhood Educators (CECE). Early Childhood Education (ECE) Certificate. First Aid Certificate. CPR Certificate. Security and safety: Medical exam. Immunization records. Tuberculosis test. Bondable. Vulnerable sector check. Transportation/travel information: Own transportation. Public transportation is available. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Repetitive tasks. Physically demanding. Attention to detail. Combination of sitting, standing, walking. Bending, crouching, kneeling. Manual dexterity. Personal suitability: Punctuality. Dependability. Efficient interpersonal skills. Excellent oral communication. Excellent written communication. Flexibility. Interpersonal awareness. Judgement. Reliability. Team player. Values and ethics. Initiative. Organized. Experience: 2 years to less than 3 years. Other benefits: Free parking available. Other benefits. Paid time off (volunteering or personal days).
