---
title: line cook
employer: D'Arcy McGee's Irish Pub
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 09, 2026
salary: $18.00 to $20.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49684169?source=searchresults
---

*Overview* We are seeking a dedicated and skilled Line Cook to join our culinary team. The ideal candidate will have a passion for food and a commitment to delivering high-quality meals in a fast-paced restaurant environment. As a Line Cook, you will play a vital role in food preparation and ensuring that our kitchen operates smoothly and efficiently. *Please apply with a printed resume to: D'ARCY MCGEE'S IRISH PUB at 44 Sparks Street. * *DO NOT apply online.* *Duties* * Prepare and cook menu items according to recipes and standards, ensuring consistency in taste and presentation. * Assist with meal preparation, including chopping, slicing, and marinating ingredients. * Maintain cleanliness and organization of the kitchen workspace, adhering to food safety and sanitation guidelines. * Monitor food stock levels and assist with inventory management. * Collaborate with other kitchen staff to ensure timely service during peak hours. * Follow all health and safety regulations related to food handling and preparation. * Participate in training new kitchen staff as needed. *Skills* * Proven experience in food service or restaurant settings is preferred. * Strong knowledge of food preparation techniques and kitchen equipment operation. * Familiarity with food safety standards and regulations within the food industry. * Ability to work efficiently under pressure while maintaining attention to detail. * Excellent teamwork skills with the ability to communicate effectively with kitchen staff. * A passion for cooking and willingness to learn new techniques or recipes. * Strong organizational skills to manage multiple tasks simultaneously. Join our team as a Line Cook, where your culinary skills will contribute to creating memorable dining experiences for our guests! Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $18.00-$20.00 per hour Benefits: * Discounted or free food * Flexible schedule Work Location: In person
