---
title: inside sales representative
employer: Whitewater Brewing Company
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 10, 2026
salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 annually
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49688553?source=searchresults
---

Whitewater Brewing Company is one of Ontario?s fastest growing craft breweries, and we?re looking to expand our sales team in the Eastern Ontario region. So, if you are an adaptable and personable performer with a passion for craft beer, submit your resume to join our team! *A day in the life: * As an inside sales representative, your primary objective is to increase and maintain sales across all our portfolios through direct sales initiatives via phone, email & remote campaigns. In addition, you may also support the planning and executing of brand awareness activations such as festivals, field events, and tastings in the home territory. This role offers a competitive wage and bonus structure tied to results. The ideal candidate will be based Ottawa and able to travel to other parts of Eastern Ontario when required. *About this team: * Our sales team is hardworking, engaged, and has a team-first attitude. Despite being separated by distance, we routinely meet for virtual tastings and share our successes and struggles. We're responsible for selling high-quality beer, managing vital relationships, and representing our brands in the field. *Must Haves: * * Passion for craft beer and the craft beer industry * Reside within the geographic boundaries of the territory. * Desire to learn, grow, and take on increased responsibility. * Motivated self-starter * Coachable team player. * Strong written organizational skills. * Ability to handle objections and deal with rejection * Persistent and determined * Strong Verbal communication skills * Patient *Nice to haves: * * Experience selling in a B2B environment. * Experience in inside sales or call center. * Experience working in the alcohol industry. *Who we are: * Located along the banks of the Mighty Ottawa River in Ontario?s Whitewater Region, Whitewater Brewing Co.?s story began with a shared epiphany between friends: that the Ottawa Valley is fertile with ingredients to make great tasting beer for well-deserving beer drinkers. In addition to original and seasonal brews, we filter the flavours of the region into from-scratch dishes at two brew pubs and host a range of events to unite our guests in the joy of a shared experience. Everything we do ? including our journey into distilling ? reflects our unwavering commitment to sustainability and our passion for crafting products and experiences worthy of the adventurous spirit inside us all. Whitewater Brewing Company is a part of Canada Beverage Marketplace, a business committed to shaping a future where Canadian craft beverages are celebrated, cherished, and enjoyed by people from all walks of life. We invite you to join us on this extraordinary journey as we lead the way in revolutionizing the craft beverage landscape in Ontario and beyond. If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply with resume & cover letter. Whitewater Brewing Company would like to thank all applicants, however only those who qualify for an interview will be contacted. We do not use AI in the hiring process. Whitewater Brewing Company is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $50,000.00-$60,000.00 per year Benefits: * Casual dress * Company events * Flexible schedule * On-site parking * Paid time off Application question(s): * What do you know about Whitewater Brewing Co. & what interests you about working with us? Work Location: In person
