---
title: truck trailer mechanic
employer: Thermo King Eastern Canada
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 11, 2026
salary: $35.00 to $41.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49697877?source=searchresults
---

*$6000 Signing Bonus | Licensed 310T Technician * *Why Join Us?* As part of our winning team, you will enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including: * Safety Boot Allowance * Supplied Uniform * Paid Vacation * Life & Dependent Life Insurance * Long Term Disability and Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) * Competitive Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance * Employee & Family Assistance Program * RRSP Program * Opportunities for Career Advancement & Training * Referral Bonus Program *Position Summary:* We are seeking a skilled *310T Technician* to join our team. Reporting to the Service Manager, you will play a crucial role in servicing, repairing, overhauling, diagnosing, and inspecting motor coaches, heavy trucks, and truck-trailers. *Key Responsibilities:* * Perform all levels of preventive maintenance services on trucks and trailers. * Diagnose and repair operating issues related to: * Frames and Steering Mechanisms * Engines and Transmissions * Brakes and Ignition Systems * Axles and Fuel Systems * Engine Management Systems * Suspension Systems * Electrical/Electronic Systems * Emission Control Systems * Air Conditioning/Refrigeration Systems * Maintain transport trailer units and truck APU?s by: * Reviewing Shop Orders * Listening to Operator Complaints * Repairing Failures and Replacing Parts * Utilizing skills in Soldering, Welding, and Refrigeration Equipment * Install new units on trucks and coaches. * Ensure work area cleanliness and safety standards. *Qualifications:* * Valid 310T Technician Certification. * 3-5 years of hands-on experience in motor coach, heavy truck, and truck-trailer maintenance. * Proficiency in using all trade tools, including welding equipment, paint equipment, and power tools. * Valid Class ?G? driver?s license for Ontario. * Ozone Depletion Prevention Certification is preferred. * Strong interpersonal skills and professionalism. * Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize effectively. * Capability to lift heavy materials (over 75 lbs) such as trailer suspension parts and tires. *Company Overview:* Thermo King is a global leader in transport temperature control systems for trucks, trailers, buses, rail cars, and shipboard containers. At Thermo King Eastern Canada, we specialize in the sale, service, and reconditioning of all major brands of transport refrigeration equipment. We also manufacture auxiliary power units that significantly reduce engine idling, promoting efficiency and sustainability in the transport industry. We offer a competitive compensation package and a broad range of benefits. We thank all applicants; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Thermo King Eastern Canada welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. This is for an existing vacancy and AI is not used in the screening process. #ODGHP Job Types: Full-time, Permanent Pay: $35.00-$41.00 per hour Benefits: * Company events * Dental care * Disability insurance * Employee assistance program * Extended health care * Flexible schedule * Life insurance * On-site parking * RRSP match * Vision care Ability to commute/relocate: * Ottawa, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Licence/Certification: * 310T License (required) Work Location: In person
