---
title: registered physiotherapist
employer: Revive Physiotherapy & Wellness
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 10, 2026
salary: $50.00 to $100.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49690059?source=searchresults
---

We are a multidisciplinary clinic in Orleans looking to hire a *Registered Physiotherapist* for an *existing clientele *at our established clinic. This is a great opportunity for someone to join a growing clinic alongside Physiotherapists/Massage Therapists within the clinic and several Doctors located in the medical building! If you are an *experienced Physiotherapist* or *new graduate*, we would love for you to consider joining our team. We are a health-practitioner led team and are looking for someone with a genuine commitment to help the people in our community. We are looking for someone who is team-oriented, compassionate, confident and professional. There is a substantial opportunity for referrals as we are located on the first floor of a medical building at the busy intersection of Innes & Tenth Line street. Our clinic offers you: * Competitive *hourly pay* or *fee for service* split * Private assessment rooms * *New* state of the art equipment! * Full administrative support including reception, booking, invoicing and billing * Regular support in building your caseload * *Singing Bonus* *(1000$)* * Continuing education support *(1000$/year)* Required Competencies: * Registration and good standing with the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario * 1+ years of experience in private practice preferred , however, new graduates are welcome to apply! * Ability to use clinical judgement and perform the physical demands of physiotherapy * Patient experience-focused with a team player mindset * Manual levels/acupuncture/IMS/Dry Needling certifications/ Concussion/ Vestibular rehabilitation certification/knowledge would be an asset We are looking for *Part-Time or Full-time *therapists! Registration with CPO is *required*. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent Pay: $50.00-$100.00 per hour Benefits: * On-site parking Experience: * Physiotherapy: 1 year (preferred) Licence/Certification: * CPO License (preferred) Work Location: In person
