---
title: room attendant
employer: RIMAP Hospitality
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 10, 2026
salary: $22.73 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49692073?source=searchresults
---

RIMAP Hospitality, founded in 2007, is one of Montreal's largest hotel operators. We proudly manage internationally recognized brands such as Marriott, Hilton, and IHG. Our growth is fueled by passion, creativity, and the drive to deliver unforgettable experiences to both guests and crew. At Moxy Hotels, we break the mold. We're bold, spirited, never boring?blending style with a playful twist and an all-in attitude. At Moxy Ottawa Downtown, we keep the vibe high-energy from check-in to checkout. We make fun functional and want every crew member to help make the hotel pop with personality. We?re searching for a Room Attendant with hustle, good vibes, and an eye for detail. If you take pride in creating a clean, inviting space, love working as part of a lively team, and aren?t afraid of a little elbow grease, you?re definitely Moxy material. *REFERENCE #: *2026-12-0012 *POSITION TITLE*: Room Attendant *DEPARTMENT: *Housekeeping *LOCATION: *Ottawa, ON *SCHEDULE: *Regular Status *POSITION TYPE: *Non -Management ? Hourly Unionized *BENEFITS: *Health & Dental Care | Paid Vacation | Marriott Discounts *REPORTS TO: *Executive Housekeeper *GENERAL SUMMARY:* As a Room Attendant and key part of the Moxy crew, you'll make sure guest rooms are spotless, stylish, and always ready for whatever the day brings. You set the tone for unforgettable stays by keeping things sharp, energetic, and ultra clean. Your positive energy will shine as you turn rooms, refresh supplies, and help deliver the signature Moxy experience. *WHO YOU ARE:* *Experience* * Previous housekeeping or cleaning experience is preferred but not required. * Detail-oriented, enthusiastic, and ready to jump in. *Preferred Extras:* * Flexible schedule including weekends, holidays, and evenings * Familiarity with housekeeping tools * Familiarity with Marriott GXP is a plus * Bilingual (English/French) an asset * Strong communicator and team player * Passion for guest service and keeping the Moxy vibe alive *Physical Requirements:* * Ability to stand, walk and lift for extended periods. * Able to lift up to 50 pounds and perform physically demanding tasks (bending, lifting, and pushing carts etc.) *WHAT YOU?LL DO:* *Keep it Fresh: * * Clean and reset guest rooms to Moxy standards-dusting, vacuuming, changing linens, replacing towels and sanitizing bathrooms * Restock and organize amenities and supplies to keep every room guest ready * Assist in maintaining public areas on guest floors (hallways, elevator lobbies, closets) looking sharp *Support the Crew:* * Respond quickly to guest requests with warmth and efficiency * Partner with Housepersons and other Room Attendants to complete assignments and help out wherever needed * Log maintenance issues and pass them on to the right team *Shine Behind the Scenes:* * Keep housekeeping carts, equipment, and storage rooms tidy and well-stocked * Follow all safety and security protocols to maintain a safe workplace *Be the Moxy:* * Bring personality to work-friendly, upbeat, and always ready to lend a hand * Be part of a close-knit crew who work hard and play hard * Join daily huddles and affirmations to keep everyone motivated and on-brand * Familiar with Marriott brand GSS, BSA and GXP * Responsible for world class guest service, satisfaction and upkeep of rooms * Follow company standards, policies and procedures *WHY YOU?LL LOVE IT HERE:* * A workplace that celebrates individuality and energy * Marriott perks, discounts and member benefits * A fresh, high-energy brand where every shift is unique * Real opportunities to growth with RIMAP Hospitality At Moxy Ottawa Downtown, we?re not just cleaning rooms?we?re creating a vibe. Every detail matters, every crew member counts, and every day is another chance to make hospitality fun again. _\* Our organization is an employer aware of professional fairness and committed to recruiting a diverse workforce and maintaining an inclusive culture. The use of the masculine
