---
title: automotive mechanic
employer: Myers Hunt Club Volkswagen
address: 2655 Bank St Gloucester , ON K1T 1N1
posted: June 11, 2026
salary: $36.00 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49697812?source=searchresults
---

Education: College, CEGEP or other non-university certificate or diploma from a program of 1 year to 2 years. or equivalent experience. Work site environment: Dusty. Dirty. Noisy. Work setting: Relocation costs covered by employer. Willing to relocate. Garage. Workshop. Tasks: Confirm findings with supervisor to determine whether to repair or replace unit. Discuss work with supervisor. Inspect motor in operation. Review work orders . Road test motor vehicles . Test automotive systems and components. Adjust, repair or replace parts and components of automotive systems. Repair or replace mechanical units or components. Test and adjust repaired systems to manufacturer's specifications. Perform scheduled maintenance service. Test and adjust units to specifications. Advise customers on work performed and future repair requirements. Complete reports to record problems and work performed. Coach and instruct apprentices. Diagnose and locate circuit, component and equipment faults. Certificates, licences, memberships, and courses : Automotive Service Technician Trade Certification. Tire, wheel and rim mechanic. Automotive Service Technician (Fuel and Electrical Systems) Trade Certification. Automotive Service Technician (Transmission) Trade Certification. Automotive Service Technician (Steering, Suspension and Brakes) Trade Certification. Motor Vehicle Repairer (Service Station Mechanic) Trade Certification. Truck and Transport Mechanic Trade Certification. Air Brake (Z) Endorsement. Automotive Service Technician Red Seal Certificate. Area of specialization: Engine repair. 4-wheel drive. Electrical and electronic system. Diesel engines. Diagnostics. Alignment, steering and suspension. Brake system. Hydraulic system. Fuel and emission system. Ignition and electrical system. Automatic transmission. Standard transmission. Engine repair and overhaul. Imported vehicles. Front end components. Heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) system. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Driving record check (abstract). Transportation/travel information: Drive manual transmission vehicle. Public transportation is available. Own tools/equipment: Tools. Steel-toed safety boots. Personal suitability: Accurate. Client focus. Dependability. Flexibility. Judgement. Reliability. Team player. Punctuality. Employment terms options: Flexible hours. Experience: 3 years to less than 5 years. Employment terms options: Morning. To be determined. Day. Health benefits: Dental plan. Disability benefits. Health care plan. Paramedical services coverage. Financial benefits: Bonus. Commission. Group insurance benefits. Life insurance. Long term benefits: Long-term care insurance. Maternity and parental benefits. Other benefits: Free parking available. Learning/training paid by employer. Team building opportunities. Parking available. Travel insurance. Support for persons with disabilities: Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for persons with disabilities. Support for newcomers and refugees: Provides diversity and cross-cultural trainings to create a welcoming work environment for newcomers and/or refugees . Support for youths: Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for youth. Support for Indigenous people: Provides cultural competency training and/or awareness training to all employees to create a welcoming work environment for Indigenous workers .
