---
title: registered early childhood educator (RECE)
employer: ABC DAYCARE CENTRE
address: Ottawa , ON K1Y 2R7
posted: June 10, 2026
salary: $25.86 to $27.15 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49690734?source=searchresults
---

Education: College/CEGEP. Work site environment: Outdoors. Noisy. Non-smoking. Air conditioned. Work setting: Child care centre. Tasks: Assess the children's development in order to prepare a learning plan tailored to his needs.. Assist co-workers in housekeeping and cooking duties . Bathe, diaper and feed infants and toddlers. Develop and implement child-care programs that support and promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Maintain daycare equipment. Storytelling. Supervise staff, trainees or volunteers. Assist early childhood educators in carrying out programs that promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Lead activities by telling or reading stories, teaching songs and taking children to local points of interest. Order supplies and equipment. Assist early childhood educators or supervisors in keeping records. Encourage children to express creativity through the media of art, dramatic play, music and physical activity. Engage children in activities by telling stories, teaching songs and preparing crafts. Guide and assist children in the development of proper eating, dressing and toilet habits. Prepare snacks and arrange rooms or furniture for lunch and rest periods. Observe children for signs of potential learning or behavioural problems and prepare reports for parents, guardians or supervisor. Submit written observations on children to early childhood educators or supervisors. Discuss progress and problems of children at staff meetings. Knowledge of licensing regulations. Establish guidelines for behaviour. Attend staff meetings to discuss progress and problems of children. Establish and maintain collaborative relationships with co-workers and community service providers working with children. Plan and maintain an environment that protects the health, security and well-being of children. Supervise and co-ordinate activities of other early childhood educators and early childhood educator assistants. Certificates, licences, memberships, and courses : Food allergy and anaphylaxis training. Member of the College of Early Childhood Educators (CECE). Early Childhood Education (ECE) Certificate. First Aid Certificate. CPR Certificate. Security and safety: Immunization records. Vulnerable sector check. Transportation/travel information: Public transportation is available. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Repetitive tasks. Physically demanding. Attention to detail. Combination of sitting, standing, walking. Bending, crouching, kneeling. Manual dexterity. Personal suitability: Punctuality. Dependability. Efficient interpersonal skills. Excellent oral communication. Excellent written communication. Flexibility. Interpersonal awareness. Judgement. Reliability. Team player. Values and ethics. Creativity. Honesty. Ability to multitask. Screening questions: Are you currently a student?. Do you have the required certifications listed in the job posting?. Experience: 1 to less than 7 months. Employment terms options: Day. Health benefits: Dental plan. Disability benefits. Health care plan. Paramedical services coverage. Vision care benefits. Other benefits: Learning/training paid by employer.
