---
title: house cleaner
employer: UrbanMop
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 11, 2026
salary: $22.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49699225?source=searchresults
---

*Earn $22/hr as an Independent Contractor Cleaning Technician ? Competitive Rates!* Unlimited Work ? We can provide as much work as you can take. Flexibility at its Best: Work locally and when you want ? We assign jobs around where you live and based on your schedule. Stable and trustworthy income ? Get paid on time, every time. Secure and ongoing jobs. *Why Choose UrbanMop?* UrbanMop is expanding its cleaning team (part-time & full-time) for an immediate start. We specialize in residential and commercial cleaning, offering the best rates and bonuses in the market. *Stable Income:* Get paid on time, every time, with secure and ongoing jobs *Top-Rated Company:* UrbanMop is the *Best Rated Cleaning Company in Ottawa* on Google and Product Review. *Happy Team, Satisfied Clients:* A 95% satisfaction rating in a recent team survey. *What Sets Us Apart:* * *Competitive Salaries:* Up to $2000 every bi-weekly for Independent Contractors with 40 hrs/week of availability. * *Hassle-Free Experience:* No admin work; we handle invoicing, scheduling, and customer service. * *Unlimited work* ? we can assign work in your choice of location and schedule. Ongoing work available! We can get you earning as much as you want to work * *Incentives for High Performers:* We reward excellence and hard work. *About the Role:* UrbanMop is seeking exceptional domestic cleaning teams to join our growing squad. We're not just looking for 'good cleaners'; we want 'outstanding cleaners' who take pride in their work. If you have meticulous attention to detail, organizational skills, and time management expertise, we want you. Just pass our workshops and commence work with us to be associated with the best cleaning company in all of Ottawa. *Join Us and Fast Track Your Application!* We warmly welcome experienced cleaning teams from companies such as Mopify, Molly Maids, Merry Maids, Hellamaid, Luxoclean and Scrubbi. We recognize your expertise! Fast track your application process by applying today. We value your experience, and your journey with UrbanMop could begin sooner than you think. *Ideally, you need to have:* * At least 6 months of cleaning experience (domestic, commercial, hotel cleaning, housekeeping, building cleaners) * Driver?s License and own vehicle * Appropriate work rights * Clean Police Check * Equipment and Supplies Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: From $22.00 per hour Benefits: * Casual dress * Flexible schedule * On-site parking Application question(s): * This role is for Independent Contractors who use their own cleaning supplies and equipment (vacuum, mop, cleaning solutions, etc.). Are you okay with this? * Our main working hours are 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Monday to Friday. Are you available to work during these hours? (We don?t offer night shifts, and weekend availability is optional.) * What?s your email address? Licence/Certification: * G2/G license and a reliable vehicle? (required) Location: * Ottawa, ON (required) Work Location: In person
