---
title: high school teacher, religious education
employer: Ahlul-Bayt Community Center - Ottawa
address: Ottawa , ON K1V 9V9
posted: June 11, 2026
salary: $47.34 to $48.08 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49698724?source=searchresults
---

Education: Bachelor's degree. Asset languages: Arabic. Work setting: Private school. Tasks: Discuss results and students' progress with them, their parents and school officials. Participate in educational conferences and teacher training workshops. Participate in staff meetings. Advise students on course selection and on vocational and personal matters. Assign and correct homework. Develop course content. Prepare and deliver presentations at conferences, workshops and symposia. Prepare subject material for presentation according to an approved curriculum. Prepare, administer and correct tests. Teach students through lectures, discussions, audio-visual presentations and laboratory, shop and field studies. Lead students in activities to promote their physical, mental and social development and their school readiness. Security and safety: Basic security clearance. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Attention to detail. Fast-paced environment. Personal suitability: Accurate. Dependability. Efficient interpersonal skills. Excellent oral communication. Excellent written communication. Flexibility. Interpersonal awareness. Organized. Team player. Values and ethics. Creativity. Screening questions: Are you available to start on the date listed in the job posting?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Do you have the required certifications listed in the job posting?. Do you meet the language requirements listed in the job posting for the position (English or French)?. Other: Use of artificial intelligence. Experience: 2 years to less than 3 years. Health benefits: Dental plan. Health care plan. Vision care benefits. Financial benefits: As per collective agreement. Other benefits: Free parking available. Learning/training paid by employer. Paid time off (volunteering or personal days).
