---
title: early childhood educator (ece) - level 2
employer: MYRIAM M. DAYCARE
address: Ottawa , ON K1V 6P8
posted: June 11, 2026
salary: $20.00 to $25.00 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49699723?source=searchresults
---

Education: College, CEGEP or other non-university certificate or diploma from a program of 1 year to 2 years. Work site environment: Non-smoking. Air conditioned. Work setting: Child care centre. Tasks: Assess the children's development in order to prepare a learning plan tailored to his needs.. Develop and implement child-care programs that support and promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Supervise staff, trainees or volunteers. Assist early childhood educators in carrying out programs that promote the physical, cognitive, emotional and social development of children. Lead activities by telling or reading stories, teaching songs and taking children to local points of interest. Assist early childhood educators or supervisors in keeping records. Encourage children to express creativity through the media of art, dramatic play, music and physical activity. Engage children in activities by telling stories, teaching songs and preparing crafts. Guide and assist children in the development of proper eating, dressing and toilet habits. Prepare snacks and arrange rooms or furniture for lunch and rest periods. Observe children for signs of potential learning or behavioural problems and prepare reports for parents, guardians or supervisor. Discuss progress and problems of children at staff meetings. Knowledge of licensing regulations. Attend staff meetings to discuss progress and problems of children. Plan and maintain an environment that protects the health, security and well-being of children. Supervise and co-ordinate activities of other early childhood educators and early childhood educator assistants. Certificates, licences, memberships, and courses : Emergency child care first aid and CPR. Food allergy and anaphylaxis training. Member of the College of Early Childhood Educators (CECE). First Aid Certificate. CPR Certificate. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Child Abuse Registry check. Immunization records. Tuberculosis test. Vulnerable sector check. Screening questions: Are you available for shift or on-call work?. Are you available to start on the date listed in the job posting?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Do you have the required certifications listed in the job posting?. Do you meet the language requirements listed in the job posting for the position (English or French)?. Employment terms options: Early morning. Experience: 2 years to less than 3 years. Employment terms options: Morning. Day. Health benefits: Dental plan. Financial benefits: Pension plan. Other benefits: Parking available.
