---
title: construction labourer
employer: C&G PAINTING & DECORATING
address: Nepean , ON K2G 4N3
posted: June 12, 2026
salary: $36.50 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49700754?source=searchresults
---

Education: Secondary (high) school graduation certificate. Work site environment: Outdoors. At heights. Confined spaces. Noisy. Dangerous. Dusty. Cold/refrigerated. Hot. Work setting: Remote location. Various locations. Tasks: Load, unload and transport construction materials. Erect and dismantle concrete forms, scaffolding, ramps, catwalks shoring and barricades. Mix, pour and spread materials such as concrete and asphalt. Assist in framing houses, erecting walls and building roofs. Assist in demolishing buildings. Clean and pile salvaged materials. Perform routine maintenance work. Remove rubble and other debris at construction sites. Equipment and machinery experience: Bushing guns. Circular saws. Mortar and concrete mixers. Grinding machine. Grouting machine. Chippers. Jackhammers. Air compressors. Air guns. Nail guns. Drills. Trampers (Jumping Jack). Torches. Chain saw. Compactor. Sandblasters. Sledgehammer. Hand tools. Construction specialization: Driveways. Residential. Security and safety: Bondable. Criminal record check. Transportation/travel information: Vehicle supplied by employer. Willing to travel. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Fast-paced environment. Physically demanding. Tight deadlines. Manual dexterity. Repetitive tasks. Handling heavy loads. Weight handling: More than 45 kg (100 lbs). Own tools/equipment: Tools. Hard hat. Gloves. Cellular phone. Personal suitability: Client focus. Efficient interpersonal skills. Flexibility. Reliability. Team player. Screening questions: Are you available to start on the date listed in the job posting?. Employment terms options: Early morning. Experience: 7 months to less than 1 year. Employment terms options: Morning. Day. Green job: Involves duties and responsibilities that lead to positive environmental outcomes. Support for newcomers and refugees: Assists with immediate settlement needs of newcomers and/or refugees (for example: housing, transportation, storage, childcare, winter clothing, etc.). Provides diversity and cross-cultural trainings to create a welcoming work environment for newcomers and/or refugees . Support for youths: Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth. Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for youth. Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for youth. Support for Veterans: Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for Veterans . Support for Indigenous people: Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for Indigenous workers . Develops and maintains relationships with indigenous communities, indigenous-owned businesses and organizations . Support for mature workers: Applies hiring policies that discourage age discrimination . Offers phased re-entry options for mature workers who are returning to work after retiring (for example: gradually increasing hours and responsibilities) . Supports for visible minorities: Applies hiring policies that discourage discrimination against members of visible minorities (for example: anonymizing the hiring process, etc.). Provides diversity and cross-cultural training to create a welcoming work environment for members of visible minorities.
