---
title: automotives sales consultant
employer: Spring Living
address: Orleans South , ON
posted: June 14, 2026
salary: $52,000.00 annually
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49715924?source=searchresults
---

\*Current Opportunity\* *SPRING LIVING OVERVIEW* Spring Living Retirement Communities (springliving.ca) is a boutique, rapidly growing Canadian senior living owner/operator, who currently owns and operates retirement communities in Ontario and Quebec. The company has an ambitious growth plan to expanding through acquisition of mid-market retirement residences across Canada over the next 5 years. Spring Living?s mission is to create warm, welcoming and secure environments for residents, foster caring connections, and provide personalized services by team members who are committed to making a significant IMPACT every day. Spring Living is the Retirement Community platform of the BAZ group; a Real Estate company that strategically acquires, develops, constructs and repositions assets throughout North America. *JOB OVERVIEW* REPORTS TO: Executive Director Passionate about making a difference in a senior?s life? Want to experience sales in a continuum of care community? Join our collaborative team to drive and lead sales strategies to increase occupancy and revenue in our beautiful community. Using active listening, personal discovery and relationship building skills, you will provide personal consultation to create a vision of a life style that will benefit seniors in assisting and meeting their needs. This role will work with the Executive Director and Corporate Director of Sales and Marketing in focusing on occupancy and revenue targets. *ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES* · Responsible for sales and leasing of retirement suites in assigned community offering Independent Supportive Living and Assisted Living. · Leverages Spring Living?s consultative sales process to help seniors and adult children make informed decisions when choosing a retirement residence. Successfully executes the Spring Living sales process. · Manages telephone inquiries with a discovery approach to encourage and convert to personal visit bookings. · Conduct personal visits to understand, bring value, and create valuable next steps in the sales process · Executes creative follow-up efforts, and conducting tours to meet and exceed occupancy goals. · Works directly with the present data base to determine next steps in the sales process to encourage personalized visits, and subsequent lease signings · Using active listening, personal discovery and relationship building skills, you will provide personalized consultation to deliver a vision of our lifestyle that will benefit in assisting seniors in meeting their needs. · Takes sales calls and emails, and follows up with prospects, consistently overcoming objections, leading them through the sales process, and closing sales. · Works with the Executive Director and Corporate Director of Sales and Marketing to meet or exceed budgeted sales occupancy targets. · Tracks sales activity in CRM database and analyzes reports to identify sales trends specific to the community and residence. · Drives referrals and traffic. Creates, retains and grows a portfolio of strategic networking partnerships with the local healthcare community and within the community at large. Builds a qualified lead database through effective community outreach · Establishes and maintains relationships with community influencers to promote and encourage referral-based traffic. · Develops, promotes and implements marketing plans to ensure optimal occupancy is achieved in the residence. · Build brand awareness with current residents and prospects · Researches and maintains competitive analysis. · As an integral member of the leadership team, participates in strategic planning, decision-making and development/execution of the leasing strategy for assigned communities · Actively participates in leadership meetings to provide updates regarding sales trends, new prospects, marketing events, and other related information *QUALIFICATIONS* · Previous sales experience in retirement or seniors living · Experience in generating sales relati
