---
title: brand ambassador
employer: Nuovo Photography
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: May 23, 2026
salary: $25.00 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49719208?source=searchresults
---

<p>Nuovo Artistic Photography is looking for Trade Show Brand Ambassadors to work the<strong> Ink &amp; Wheels Big Show</strong> from May 29th to 31st, 2026. This is a 3-day contract with a focus on guest interaction and lead generation.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p><strong>About Nuovo&nbsp;</strong></p><p>Nuovo Artistic Studios is the premier destination for all things self-love. A by-women company and one of the largest artistic photography companies in North America, Nuovo is on a mission to empower individuals by fostering confidence and self-expression while celebrating intimacy and individuality.</p><p><strong>The Role&nbsp;</strong></p><p>You'll be the face of Nuovo at our booth, responsible for actively engaging with show attendees. Your primary goal is to connect with guests, build rapport, and generate high-quality leads for our studio. This means:</p><p></p><p>Selling the Concept: You'll be the expert on what a Nuovo shoot is all about. You'll need to clearly and enthusiastically explain our artistic vision and the unique, empowering experience we offer.</p><p>Active Lead Generation: Your focus will be on talking to guests, understanding their interest, and signing them up for photoshoots or consultation calls. This role is about proactive sales?not just waiting for people to approach the booth.</p><p></p><p>Relationship Building: You'll use your conversational skills to create a comfortable and engaging experience for every guest, helping them see the value and beauty of our work.</p><p></p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><p><strong>Availability:</strong> You must be available to work the following dates and times:&nbsp;</p><ul><li>May 29th (4PM to Midnight)</li><li>May 30th (11AM to Midnight)&nbsp;</li><li>May 31st (11AM to 5PM)&nbsp;</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Location:</strong> You must be located in the Greater Ottawa Area and be able to get to and from the Aberdeen Pavillion. </p><p><strong>Experience: </strong>Previous experience in trade shows and exceptional lead generation or direct sales experience is a must.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Skills: </strong>You have excellent conversational skills, are open-minded, and thrive in fast-paced, high-energy environments&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><p><strong>Compensation&nbsp;</strong></p><p>Pay: $25.00 per hour</p><p>Bonus: The possibility of performance-based bonuses for exceeding lead generational goals.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>Do you have a knack for connecting with people and a passion for artistic concepts? If so, we want to hear from you</p><p></p>
