---
title: retail store supervisor
employer: Puppy Sphere
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 11, 2026
salary: $20.00 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49719295?source=searchresults
---

<p>About Puppy Sphere: We are a high-growth startup redefining the wellness category through puppy therapy!</p><p>We&#8217;re on a mission to bring people together in welcoming spaces where the gentle power of puppies helps them slow down, boost their mood, and return again and again.</li><li>&#160; As North America&#8217;s original puppy yoga company, we&#8217;ve built a community of over 400,000 people, making puppy therapy part of their everyday wellbeing ritual.</p><p>We&#8217;ve partnered with global brands including the NBA, TikTok, and Google to bring the gentle power of puppies to even more workplaces, events, and communities!</p><p>Job Description: As we continue to grow in Ottawa, we are looking for a passionate and knowledgeable leader to step into this role.</p><p>If you are a highly organized, hardworking, and creative individual, this could be a great opportunity for you.</p><p>In this role, you will play an integral part in orchestrating our captivating puppy-centric events across the city while supporting, motivating, and leading the local team.</li><li>&#160; This is a part-time, onsite role located in Ottawa.</p><p>Compensation:&#160; The hourly rate for this role is $20.00 CAD per hour.</p><p>Job Requirements:&#160; Event Operations: Oversee on-site and off-site execution of Puppy Sphere events to ensure a seamless, high-quality, and positive team and guest experience.</p><p>Monitor event flow and environment to proactively identify and resolve issues related to the event, animals, staff, and guest experience.</p><p>Act as the floor supervisor and work alongside the event team.</p><p>Be a resource and provide support during the entire event flow including event set up, class check-in,&#160; event speeches, yoga session, social period, post event reset, and event break down.</p><p>Ensure the completion of daily, weekly, and monthly tasks, following opening and closing checklists to help maintain high standards of cleanliness and organization.</p><p>Conduct short on-shift meetings with the event team to review updates from the Operations Manager, discussing company updates, roll outs, launches, and ensure alignment with event objectives.</p><p>Oversee and support guest check-in procedures including ticket scanning, ID verification, class age limit verification, and ensuring completion of signed waivers.&#160; Facilitate and assist with the safety of puppies, team, and guests during the entirety of events.</p><p>Ensure all team members on-shift follow safe handling practices and guidelines, upholding Puppy Sphere&#8217;s animal welfare standards.</p><p>Manage add-ons, beverage and food inventory, assisting staff with operational tasks during sessions as needed.</p><p>Monitor inventory levels for studios, including merchandise, supplies, food and beverages, water access, and facility readiness.</p><p>Communicate and coordinate with management for urgent inventory needs.</p><p>Act as a point of contact for all support situations with guests, liaising with management or customer service as necessary.</p><p>Assist as the on-site lead for emergency procedures and maintain familiarity with emergency plans and safety protocols.</p><p>Ensures all required puppy wellness checks are completed and proactively monitors puppy health, communicating any concerns through the appropriate channels.</p><p>Handle all aspects of animal welfare, team, and guest injury reporting, including documentation and communication with operations managers.</p><p>Ensure completion of Animal Welfare, Studio Inventory, and End-of-Day report forms to communicate any needs, issues, feedback, or remarks from the day's events.</p><p>Coordinate and communicate necessary breaks to event staff during events to ensure all team members receive required meal and rest breaks in compliance with local labor laws.</p><p>Uphold and ensure all events comply with applicable company, local, city, provincial/state policies.</p><p>Responsibility for protecting studi
