---
title: line cook
employer: Pür & Simple Barrhaven
address: Nepean , ON
posted: June 15, 2026
salary: $17.60 to $18.50 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49721681?source=searchresults
---

We are seeking an experienced *Line Cook* at Pür & Simple Breakfast and Lunch restaurant to join our Team! We are a dynamic franchise that is growing across Canada and we would love to meet with energetic and dedicated people to grow with! What we need is SIMPLE actually... we want PUR?ly passionate candidates who like us, are obsessed with breakfast as well as love working in a team environment. The hours are awesome, no late nights and plenty of free time once your workday is over! Responsibilities: - Prepare menu items, day-to-day culinary operations. - Coordinate food and kitchenware orders. - Ensure the cleanliness and organization of the kitchen area. - Check freshness and quality of ingredients. - Standardize recipes and plate presentations - Adhere to food safety regulations and procedures. Qualifications: - Previous experience in cooking, culinary arts is preferred but not required. - Ability to work in a fast-paced setting while maintaining attention to detail - Strong communication skills and a positive attitude Hours of Operation: Monday to Sunday - 7 am until 3 pm If you are interested in joining our team - Please email your Resume today! We are looking to fill immediate positions. Pay: $17.60-$18.50 per hour Application question(s): * Are you located within 10 KM of Barrhaven, K2G 4R1? * What is your availability? * Do you have line cook experience? Experience: * Line Cook: 1 year (preferred) Work Location: In person
