---
title: brand ambassador
employer: Nuovo Photography
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 03, 2026
salary: $25.00 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49726848?source=searchresults
---

<p>Nuovo Artistic Photography is looking for Trade Show Brand Ambassadors to work the<strong> Ottawa Bluesfest</strong> from <strong>July 9th to 19th, 2026</strong>. This is a 10-day contract with a focus on guest interaction and lead generation.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p><strong>About Nuovo&nbsp;</strong></p><p>Nuovo Artistic Studios is the premier destination for all things self-love. A by-women company and one of the largest artistic photography companies in North America, Nuovo is on a mission to empower individuals by fostering confidence and self-expression while celebrating intimacy and individuality.</p><p><strong>The Role&nbsp;</strong></p><p>You'll be the face of Nuovo at our booth, responsible for actively engaging with show attendees. Your primary goal is to connect with guests, build rapport, and generate high-quality leads for our studio. This means:</p><p></p><p>Selling the Concept: You'll be the expert on what a Nuovo shoot is all about. You'll need to clearly and enthusiastically explain our artistic vision and the unique, empowering experience we offer.</p><p>Active Lead Generation: Your focus will be on talking to guests, understanding their interest, and signing them up for photoshoots or consultation calls. This role is about proactive sales?not just waiting for people to approach the booth.</p><p></p><p>Relationship Building: You'll use your conversational skills to create a comfortable and engaging experience for every guest, helping them see the value and beauty of our work.</p><p></p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><p><strong>Availability:</strong> You must be available to work the following dates and times:&nbsp;July 9th - 19th, 5:00 PM - 11:00 PM </p><p><strong>Location:</strong> You must be located in the Greater Ottawa Area and be able to get to and from LeBreton Flats Park. </p><p><strong>Experience: </strong>Previous experience in trade shows and exceptional lead generation or direct sales experience is a must.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Skills: </strong>You have excellent conversational skills, are open-minded, and thrive in fast-paced, high-energy environments&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><p><strong>Compensation&nbsp;</strong></p><p>Pay: $25.00 per hour</p><p>Bonus: The possibility of performance-based bonuses for exceeding lead generational goals.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>Do you have a knack for connecting with people and a passion for artistic concepts? If so, we want to hear from you.</p><p></p>
