---
title: cook
employer: Hunter's Public House
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 08, 2026
salary: $20.00 to $23.00 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49726858?source=searchresults
---

<div>Hunter's Public House is on the hunt for an experienced Line Cook/Shift Leader to join our talented team. We are located approximately a 20-minute drive south of downtown. <br><br>We are looking for a talented individual to help prepare meals according to our standard recipes while leading the shift and following standard operating systems and controls. In this position, your principal goal will be to prepare high-quality meals that meet the chef?s exact specifications. Experience with breakfast is a plus!<br><br>Hunter's is proud to provide a clean, safe, organized workplace, focusing on employee Health and Safety and Human Resources. In addition to above-average wages, Hunter's provides fully paid benefits to all staff.<br></div><div>You will be responsible for setting up the kitchen station, stocking inventory, and maintaining sanitation standards. To be successful in this role, the ideal candidate will possess excellent communication and multi-tasking skills. Ultimately, you will play an essential role in contributing to our guest satisfaction and restaurant growth.<br></div><div><strong>Why Work for us:</strong></div><ul><li>A fully paid benefits program activated upon hiring.</li><li>$500 Health care spend account after 6 months of full-time employment.</li><li>Participation in the tip-pool program.</li><li>Consistent scheduling using an online scheduling platform and phone app.</li></ul><div><br></div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Ensure the preparation station and the kitchen is set up and stocked.</li><li>Prepare simple components of each dish on the menu by chopping vegetables, cutting meat, and preparing sauces.</li><li>Report to the kitchen manager and follow instructions.</li><li>Make sure food preparation and storage areas meet all health and safety standards.</li><li>Clean prep areas and take care to properly store food products.</li><li>Stock inventory and supplies.</li><li>Maintain a clean and organized kitchen and dish area.</li><li>Cook menu items with the support of your fellow kitchen team.</li></ul><div><br><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>A high school diploma or equivalent qualification is preferred.</li><li>Certificate in Culinary Arts or related field preferred.</li><li>A minimum of 1 year of experience in a similar role.</li><li>In-depth knowledge of restaurant best practices and cooking methods.</li><li>Excellent communication and organizational skills.</li><li>Aptitude for multi-tasking.</li><li>Must be able to work cooperatively and efficiently in a team.</li></ul><div><br></div><br><br><ul></ul><br><br><b>About Hunter&#39;s Public House:</b><br><br><p>Hunter&#39;s is a modern, suburban pub offering high quality food and beverages, coupled with exceptional service. Unique elements in an inviting and social atmosphere creates a sense of neighbourhood ?place?.</p>
