---
title: housekeeping aide
employer: The Courtyards of the Eagleson
address: Kanata , ON
posted: June 16, 2026
salary: $18.46 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49728858?source=searchresults
---

*The Courtyards on Eagleson, ,* located in *Kanata, Ontario, *is now accepting applications for the position of: *Housekeeping Aide* As a Housekeeping Aide you would be responsible for performing cleaning duties and routines that will provide a pleasant and safe environment for the residents to live in and employees to work in. Requirements: * Must have a Grade 10 education or equivalent. * Possesses the ability to learn and apply basic skills through on-the job training. * Have the ability to self-regulate and work independently. * Ability to co-operate with others. * Previous experience in housekeeping would be an asset. * Must have experience working in a retirement home. If interested, please submit your resume for review. We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those selected to proceed in the selection process will be contacted. _We are committed to providing accommodation in the recruitment processes to applicants with disabilities, upon request. The accommodation provided will take into account the applicant?s accessibility needs. If you require accommodation at any time during the recruitment process or in order to successfully submit your application, please contact us._ Pay: From $18.46 per hour Work Location: In person
