---
title: cashier
employer: Giant Tiger
address: Manotick , ON
posted: June 04, 2026
salary: $17.60 to $17.60 hourly
source: CareerBeacon
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49720157?source=searchresults
---

Who We Are:At Giant Tiger, our mission is simple: help Canadians save more every day. We?re a Canadian institution rooted in our communities and built on 60+ years of success. Our store teams are the heart of our mission, making sure every customer has a great experience and finds the products they need at the right price.We?re looking for friendly, motivated people who enjoy helping people and being part of a team ? this posting represents a current opportunity at Giant Tiger.Job TitleStore Associate (Part-Time)About This Role:What You?ll Be Doing:Ensuring a high level of customer service;Accurately record customer transactions in electronic cash register, mainline and self checkouts (SCOs);Replenish merchandise around the checkout area;Following up on hot selling items and completing markdowns and SKU changes when needed;Maintaining planograms, labels, tickets and signing standards;Performing cycle counts as required;Ensuring compliance of all policies when selling Tobacco and Lottery;Ensuring health and safety policies and guidelines are followed;Ensuring the checkout work area is kept clean and organized; Ensuring Loss prevention best practices are followed. What You?ll Bring:Strong customer service skills;Ability to work independently and as part of a team;Ability to handle a variety of tasks in a fast-paced environment;Attention to detail;Effective communication and interpersonal skills.When You?ll Work:A typical full-time schedule will consist of day shifts, two evenings per week, and alternating weekends with a schedule of 35-40 hours weekly. A typical part-time schedule will be a mix of days, evenings and weekends, up to 24 hours weekly.Physical Demands of Position:The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.While performing the duties of this job, you can expect to:Stand and/or walk.Bend, twist, and squat.lift and/or move up to 18 kg (40 lbs.).Perform tasks involving firm grasping.Perform repetitive tasks requiring a range of hand motions.Reach above shoulder height and below waist level.Operate equipment, including using a ladder.Giant Tiger is proud to offer a Total Rewards package designed to support your financial security, health, and career growth. This includes competitive compensation for all employees, as well as comprehensive well-being benefits for our permanent team members.Hourly Rate$17.60Annual BonusBonus - Store Bonus Plan, 3% AnnualWhat Giant Tiger Offers:Competitive Compensation: The expected pay rate for this position is listed above. Giant Tiger will consider factors such as experience, skills and internal equity to ensure you are paid competitively.Profit Sharing: We provide an annual bonus opportunity equal to a percentage of your earnings, based on store performance. This percentage is listed above, under Annual Bonus. Health Benefits and Paid Time Off: Access to our flexible, cost-shared health and dental benefits plan (available after 3 months of full-time work) and annual paid time off, including personal and vacation days.Career Growth: Giant Tiger is committed to developing our people. We promote from within, and many of our leaders started right here. We provide the coaching, training, and support you need to build a long-term career. If you're looking for a place to grow and take on new challenges, you've found it.Store Discount: Enjoy savings at your Giant Tiger store with 20% off children?s, men?s, and ladies? apparel and footwear, and 10% off health and beauty, grocery, toys, housewares, and eCommerce purchases, applied at the point of sale.Location1168 Maple Street Box 534, Manotick, Ontario, K4M 1A5Job RequisitionJR132098Giant Tiger is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to fair employment practices.Giant Tiger will provide support and accommodati
