---
title: general labourer - public works
employer: Bell Canada
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 16, 2026
salary: $18.00 to $34.70 hourly
source: CareerBeacon
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49727240?source=searchresults
---

Req Id: 429422Connection is everything. It drives us to innovate, explore, and stay close to what matters to us most. At Bell, we're building a more connected future through world-class networks, AI-powered solutions, and digital experiences that elevate how people live, work, and play every day. We believe in empowering people. That's why we equip our teams with cutting-edge technology, AI tools, and a collaborative environment that supports creativity and growth. Want to be part of a diverse team where your work makes a real impact? If you're inspired by innovation that advances how people connect and transforms what's possible, you belong on #TeamBell.Be at the forefront of one of the most exciting and ever-changing industries. On the Bell Media team you will be a part of creating and delivering the best Canadian and international content across digital media, television, radio and out-of-home advertising platforms. You'll join a team of passionate and driven innovators, who are breaking barriers and expanding the reach of Canada's most-loved entertainment.At Bell Media, you'll redefine digital connections and pioneer next-generation services, propelling us to reach new heights, unlock untapped potential and expand horizons for our customers.Key responsabilities:Posting outdoor advertising copy as scheduled, climbing up to heights of 50' to 70'Providing operational support as directedPrepping poster/vinyl signsPrepping cut-outs or building 4' X 10' wooden sectionsWorking outdoors in inclement weatherOperating a lawn mower; carrying a ladder at waist level, shoveling snowInstallation and Maintenance of Sign structuresInstallation and Maintenance of Transit sheltersEnsuring all health and safety policies and procedures are followedOther duties as requiredCritical QualificationsGrade 12Ability to read, write and communicate in EnglishA proactive self-starter with a team attitude and a willingness to learnAbility to work at heightsModerate to heavy lifting up to 75 lbsOrganized and dependable individual who can work with minimal supervisionMust have a good attendance recordMust have (green patch) safety bootsValid driver's license is requiredSuccessful candidates will be required to pass a standardized fitness assessment confirming their ability to perform the essential duties of the position. Satisfactory completion of this assessment is a mandatory pre-condition to employment in this role.#INDEEDBM2025Adequate knowledge of French is required for positions in Quebec. Additional Information:Position Type: Union Job Status: Regular - Full Time Job Location: Canada : Ontario : Ottawa Application Deadline: 06/29/2025 Total earning range: $20.93 - $26.27. The advertised salary range is based on the wage scales and classifications outlined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement. The specific hourly rate within the negotiated range will be determined based on factors such as the candidate's qualifications and experience.Please apply directly online to be considered for this role. Applications through email will not be accepted.We know that caring for our team members is at the heart of a healthy, positive and thriving workplace. As part of our team, you'll enjoy a comprehensive compensation package that includes a competitive salary and a wide range of benefits to support the well-being of you and your family. Plus, as a Bell team member, you'll enjoy a 35% discount on our services and access exclusive offers from our partners. At Bell, we are proud of our focus on fostering an inclusive and accessible workplace where all team members feel valued, respected, supported, and that they belong.Bell is committed to clarity in our hiring process. All roles posted are opportunities we're actively recruiting for, unless stated otherwise. We also want to make sure that everyone has an equal opportunity to join our team. We encourage individuals who may require accommodations during the hiring process to let us know. For a confident
