---
title: construction labourer
employer: Torus Construction Corporation
address: Nepean , ON K2E 6T9
posted: June 17, 2026
salary: $36.50 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49737064?source=searchresults
---

Education: Secondary (high) school graduation certificate. Work site environment: Outdoors. At heights. Confined spaces. Noisy. Dangerous. Dusty. Hot. Work setting: Willing to relocate. Remote location. Various locations. Rural area. Industrial plant. Construction site. Tasks: Load, unload and transport construction materials. Erect and dismantle concrete forms, scaffolding, ramps, catwalks shoring and barricades. Mix, pour and spread materials such as concrete and asphalt. Assist in drilling and blasting rock on construction sites. Level earth to fine grade specifications. Pave and rake asphalt. Clean and pile salvaged materials. Perform routine maintenance work. Remove rubble and other debris at construction sites. Direct traffic at or near construction sites. Equipment and machinery experience: Curbing machine. Concrete vibrators. Bushing guns. Concrete saws. Mortar and concrete mixers. Grinding machine. Jackhammers. Air compressors. Sledgehammer. Hand tools. Construction specialization: Driveways. Sidewalks and curbs. Poured concrete. Specialization or experience: Specialized environmental skills and knowledge. Security and safety: Bondable. Criminal record check. Transportation/travel information: Vehicle supplied by employer. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Fast-paced environment. Work under pressure. Physically demanding. Tight deadlines. Manual dexterity. Repetitive tasks. Handling heavy loads. Attention to detail. Hand-eye co-ordination. Sound discrimination. Sitting. Weight handling: More than 45 kg (100 lbs). Personal suitability: Accurate. Dependability. Efficient interpersonal skills. Flexibility. Reliability. Team player. Hardworking. Employment terms options: Early morning. Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years. Employment terms options: Morning. Day. Green job: Involves duties and responsibilities that lead to positive environmental outcomes. Other benefits: Team building opportunities. Support for newcomers and refugees: Provides diversity and cross-cultural trainings to create a welcoming work environment for newcomers and/or refugees . Support for youths: Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth. Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for youth. Support for Veterans: Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for Veterans . Support for Indigenous people: Develops and maintains relationships with indigenous communities, indigenous-owned businesses and organizations . Support for mature workers: Applies hiring policies that discourage age discrimination . Supports for visible minorities: Applies hiring policies that discourage discrimination against members of visible minorities (for example: anonymizing the hiring process, etc.). Provides diversity and cross-cultural training to create a welcoming work environment for members of visible minorities.
