---
title: administrative assistant
employer: Jack R. Bowerman, CPA - Professional Corporation
address: Nepean , ON K2E 7J5
posted: June 16, 2026
salary: $22.00 to $30.00 hourly (to be negotiated)
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49731388?source=searchresults
---

Education: Bachelor's degree. or equivalent experience. Tasks: Motivate staff. Open and distribute mail and other materials. Determine and establish office procedures and routines. Schedule and confirm appointments. Answer telephone and relay telephone calls and messages. Answer electronic enquiries. Compile data, statistics and other information. Order office supplies and maintain inventory. Greet people and direct them to contacts or service areas. Set up and maintain manual and computerized information filing systems. Type and proofread correspondence, forms and other documents. Perform data entry. Perform basic bookkeeping tasks. Computer and technology knowledge: MS Excel. MS Outlook. MS Windows. MS Word. Electronic scheduler. Database software. IBM Lotus. MS Office. Simply Accounting. Technical terminology: Legal. Financial. Business. Area of specialization: Correspondence. Reports and records. Financial statements. Invoices. Accounting. Transportation/travel information: Own vehicle. Valid driver's licence. Public transportation is not available. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Fast-paced environment. Work under pressure. Tight deadlines. Attention to detail. Repetitive tasks. Physically demanding. Personal suitability: Ability to multitask. Excellent oral communication. Excellent written communication. Flexibility. Judgement. Organized. Accurate. Client focus. Reliability. Time management. Accountability. Dependability. Due diligence. Quick learner. Screening questions: Are you available to start on the date listed in the job posting?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Do you have the required certifications listed in the job posting?. Experience: 5 years or more. Employment terms options: Day. Overtime available. Financial benefits: Mileage paid. Other benefits: Free parking available. Parking available.
