---
title: mechanic, truck
employer: Clean Water Works Inc.
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 17, 2026
salary: $40.00 to $50.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49737564?source=searchresults
---

*Join our Team as a 310T Licensed Truck Mechanic!* Clean Water Works Inc. is a recognized full-service environmental company. We pride ourselves in offering "on call 24 hours day for emergency response? approach to our client?s needs across Canada. We settle for nothing short of excellence, consistency and effectiveness in every area. This is an ideal position for a driven 310T Licensed Truck Mechanic who is currently seeking opportunities to further build upon their experience and knowledge by gaining valuable exposure to a rapidly growing company. This role will provide you with the opportunity to develop your skills and career. *Duties and Responsibilities:* * Diagnose and accurately perform all phases of vehicle and equipment repair under minimal supervision. Repairs include brakes, engine tune-ups, suspensions, drive trains, transmission clutches and other repairs. * Remove, overhaul, and reinstall mechanical components with minimal supervision. * Lead preventative maintenance (PMs), safety inspections and annual maintenance inspections. * Ensure work orders are completed properly and accurately. Maintain records of all maintenance work completed including parts and supplies used. * Notify supervisor of potentially dangerous equipment and corrective action taken. * Evaluate completed work prior to release and seek approval where required. * Lead road calls and emergency services, as necessary. * Adhere to Clean Water Works standards, policies, and procedures. * Move vehicles safely between job and work area. * Perform other responsibilities as requested or required. *Qualifications:* * 310T Truck and Coach Technician * Valid G driver?s license required. * Must have appropriate mechanic?s tool set. * Advanced problem-solving ability. * Advanced computer skills. * Ability to work independently as well as part of a team. * Ability to work assigned shift. Pay: $40.00-$50.00 per hour Benefits: * Dental care * Extended health care * Flexible schedule * On-site parking * Paid time off * Vision care Work Location: In person
