---
title: pastry decorator
employer: Central Bergham Bank street
address: Ottawa , ON K1V 7Y8
posted: June 17, 2026
salary: $36.50 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49737045?source=searchresults
---

Education: Secondary (high) school graduation certificate. Work setting: Restaurant. Tasks: Prepare dough for pies, bread, rolls and sweet goods, batters for muffins, cookies and cakes and icings and frostings according to recipes or special customer orders. Prepare pastry for special occasions, such as weddings and birthdays. Bake mixed dough and batters. Train staff in preparation, cooking and handling of food. Prepare special orders. Frost and decorate cakes and baked goods. Draw up production schedules. Ensure that the quality of products meets established standards. Inspect kitchen and food service areas. Operate machinery. Prepare dishes for customers with food allergies or intolerances. Cuisine specialties: Gluten-free. Food specialties: Breads and rolls. Desserts and pastries. Donuts and muffins. Chocolate. Specialization or experience: Specialized environmental skills and knowledge. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Transportation/travel information: Public transportation is available. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Ability to distinguish between colours. Attention to detail. Fast-paced environment. Hand-eye co-ordination. Handling heavy loads. Manual dexterity. Physically demanding. Repetitive tasks. Standing for extended periods. Tight deadlines. Work under pressure. Personal suitability: Client focus. Dependability. Excellent oral communication. Judgement. Reliability. Team player. Employment terms options: Early morning. Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years. Employment terms options: Morning. Day. Weekend. Green job: Involves duties and responsibilities that lead to positive environmental outcomes. Support for newcomers and refugees: Provides diversity and cross-cultural trainings to create a welcoming work environment for newcomers and/or refugees . Support for youths: Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth. Support for Veterans: Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for Veterans . Support for mature workers: Applies hiring policies that discourage age discrimination . Supports for visible minorities: Applies hiring policies that discourage discrimination against members of visible minorities (for example: anonymizing the hiring process, etc.).
