---
title: pharmacist
employer: Kanata Pharmasave
address: Kanata , ON
posted: June 17, 2026
salary: $54.00 to $56.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49735157?source=searchresults
---

_*Pharmaceutical Distribution*_ * Provide and supervise the provision of excellent professional service to all patients to support appropriate and safe patient care. * Perform, supervise, and review the creation and maintenance of complete patient profiles including, but not limited to, medications, medical conditions, medical history, allergies, and documentation of patient care activities and services. * Perform, supervise, and review drug preparation and distribution activities including understanding and adhering to the pharmacy?s patient record filing and workflow policies and procedures such as scanning processes, patient counselling areas, designated ?in and out? areas, wait time etc. * Ensure that issues identified with individual prescriptions, patient care, and any other services are addressed within appropriate timeframes. * Verify completed prescriptions for accuracy and ensure personally filled prescriptions are verified by another pharmacy team member whenever possible. * Perform, supervise, and review the accurate adjudication and sale of prescription and other purchases using the pharmacy software and point of sales (POS) systems. * Ensure all prescriptions have been verified for appropriateness of therapy before being released to the patient (this includes prescriptions that have been checked for technical accuracy by a Registered Pharmacy Technician). * Provide patient counseling on prescription and non-prescription medications in accordance with the standards of practice and provincial regulatory requirements. * Complete appropriate documentation for all patient care activities including, but not limited to, prescription processing, patient counselling, and other pharmacy health care services. * Manage situations involving drug diversion or inappropriate use. * Understand and adhere to the quality assurance polices/procedures for job performance * management, medication error risk management, and the handling of narcotic/controlled substances including, but is not limited to, documenting all medication and patient care incidents using the appropriate protocols (including ?near misses?). * Maintain a safe and productive work environment through compliance with quality control policies and procedures. _*Professional Services*_ * In partnership with patients and other health care providers, perform pharmacy services to meet patients? drug-related needs and improve patient outcomes. * Communicate to customers/patients the details of the service such as, but not limited to, health care benefits to the patients, logistics, and cost. * Pro-actively inform patients/customers of the services/programs offered. * Provide customers with education and drug information to ensure safe and effective care and topromote health. * Document pharmacy services rendered, course of action, and outcome achieved, as thedirect result of providing professional services. * Act as a Pharmasave ambassador to the community through the provision of programsincluding clinics, personal health solutions, and community seminars. * Build professional relationships with patients, customers, other health care providers, andindustry members. * _*Administration*_ * Maintain the privacy and confidentiality of patient/customer information. * Maintain sufficient inventory for appropriate patient care and efficient operations. * Monitor and remove expired medications in accordance with provincial legislation. * Conduct inventory spot checks for accuracy and manage out-of-stocks in accordance withstore policies and procedures. * Comply with federal and provincial regulations along with store procedures to maintain thesecurity of the narcotics, pharmaceuticals, and other store assets. * Assist in ensuring that all patient care areas are clean, tidy, and organized. * Ensure supplies are checked, restocked, and ordered as necessary. * Ensure health information and patient care resources (paper and electronic) are organized,updated, and reordered as requi
