---
title: auto body technician
employer: Jim Keay Ford Lincoln
address: Orleans South , ON
posted: June 17, 2026
salary: $26.00 to $35.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49738582?source=searchresults
---

J*im Keay Ford Lincoln* has been proudly serving the Ottawa community for over 40 years. We?re a family-owned dealership with a reputation for quality, teamwork, and exceptional service. We are currently seeking an *Auto Body Technician *to join our talented and driven team. *Position Summary* In this role, you?ll perform collision repairs, diagnose issues, align frames/unibody components, and ensure vehicles meet manufacturer and safety standards. *What We Offer* * Positive and friendly working environment * Honesty and integrity in all we do * Advancement opportunities * Company events and team activities * Employee Assistance Program (EAP) * Extended Health Care Benefits * Pension Plan * Free parking * Paid time off * Staff pricing on vehicles and services * Commission or performance-based incentives (if applicable) *What You?ll Do* * Perform repairs as outlined on work orders with efficiency and accuracy * Diagnose malfunctions and complete required repairs * Work with the Parts Department to secure required parts * Advise the Body Shop Manager if additional work is needed * Maintain accurate documentation of work completed * Stay current with training, bulletins, and safety requirements * Keep customer vehicles and work areas clean and organized *What You Bring* * High School diploma or equivalent * Provincial licenses/certificates (required) * ICAR certification (asset) * Minimum 2 years? experience in automotive repair/service * Valid G Class Driver?s License * Strong teamwork, problem-solving, and organizational skills *Special Conditions* * Ability to stand for long periods * Ability to lift up to 20 lbs * Regular use of hand and power tools *Accessibility & Accommodation* Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. *Artificial Intelligence (AI) Use Disclosure* As required by Ontario?s Employment Standards Act, we disclose that AI tools may be used in the screening of job applications for this role. All hiring decisions involve human review. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $26.00-$35.00 per hour Benefits: * Company events * Company pension * Dental care * Disability insurance * Employee assistance program * Extended health care * Life insurance * On-site parking * Paid time off * Store discount Work Location: In person
