---
title: accountant
employer: Kelly Huibers McNeely Professional Corporation
address: Stittsville , ON
posted: June 17, 2026
salary: $46,000.00 to $65,000.00 annually
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49737431?source=searchresults
---

KHMPC provides businesses and not-for-profit organizations with high-quality Assurance, Accounting, and Taxation services. We are seeking a motivated and detail-oriented Accountant to join our team in a full-time, in-person role based at our Stittsville office. The final salary offered will be determined based on the successful candidate's education, experience, skills, and overall alignment with the requirements of the role. *Qualifications* * Post-secondary education in Accounting, Commerce, Business Administration, or a related field. * Strong attention to detail, organizational skills. * Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment. * Proficiency with Microsoft Office, experience with CaseWare, TaxPrep is considered an asset. * Progress toward or interest in pursuing a CPA designation is considered an asset. *Responsibilities* * Assist in the preparation of compilation, review, and audit engagements for a diverse client base. * Prepare corporate tax and applicable information returns. * Manage multiple client engagements and meet established deadlines. *Compliance & Transparency* * This posting is for an existing vacancy. * KHMPC may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in screening, assessing, or selecting applicants. * Applicants are not required to have Canadian work experience to be considered for this position. * Candidates who participate in an interview will be notified of the hiring decision within the timeframe required by applicable legislation. *Accessibility & Accommodation* KHMPC is committed to providing accommodations for applicants with disabilities upon request in all aspects of the selection process. *Equal Opportunity Employer* KHMPC is committed to fostering an inclusive, diverse, and respectful workplace. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates and make employment decisions based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. Pay: $46,000.00-$65,000.00 per year Benefits: * Extended health care * On-site parking * RRSP match Work Location: In person
