---
title: child and youth worker
employer: Renew Supervision Services
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 16, 2026
salary: $25.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49730440?source=searchresults
---

Supervised or monitored visitation occurs when one parent loses custody or visitation rights to a child(ren). For that parent to see their child(ren), the courts have mandated that a supervisor or monitoring person be present during all interactions with the child(ren). We are looking for an experienced, detail-oriented individual, with a Child and Youth Worker background, to join our team as a Parenting Time Supervisor in an independent contractor capacity. The successful candidate will monitor custody visitations between non-custodial parents and their child(ren). *This is on-call weekend role. *It is a good fit for someone who understands child development, emotional regulation, attachment, and the importance of helping children feel safe and supported during family change. *Schedule* *On-Call Availability Required:* * Friday: 4:00 PM through Sunday: 9:00 PM *You are not required to actively work for the entire weekend. However, you must remain available and able to respond to short-notice coverage requests during the on-call period.* *Compensation* * $200 Weekend Standby Pay (Friday 4:00 PM ? Sunday 9:00 PM) * $25.00 per hour for any shifts worked during the on-call period * Potential for additional opportunities and shifts within Renew Supervision Services *Service Areas: *Kanata, Central, Orleans, Westboro, Embrun *Type of Employment:* Independent Contract (*\*This is not a full time or permanent position*) *Responsibilities & Duties:* * Supervise visits of non-custodial parents with their child(ren): In-home and community settings (e.g., parks, walks, restaurants, movie theatres, etc.) * Record detailed notes of visit, including debriefing with the custodial parent after the visit (i.e., notes must be detailed, well-written as they are submitted as evidence to the courts) * Remain calm during emotionally charged situations and able to de-escalate conflicts * Take initiative, problem solve and work with limited supervision * Intervene if necessary * Possess strong communication skills: verbal and written * Build respectful boundaries with parents, children and authorized third party agencies or individuals * Provide consultation and model age-appropriate activities and strategies to families for successful visits when requested by client * Supervise visits remotely via video conferencing platforms. *Qualifications:* * Experience working with children (0 - 12 years) and families * Experience writing exceptionally clear and detailed client case notes * Experience supporting confrontational and frustrated adult, child and youth clients * Strong ability to think quickly, rationally and problem solve * Proven ability to remain calm during emotionally-charged situations * Experience working within an anti-oppression framework * Experience working with families new to Canada and English language learners * Knowledge of community resources * Valid license and access to a vehicle * Clean criminal record - Vulnerable Screening Sector (VSS) Police Clearance required * Friendly and not easily offended Job Types: Part-time, Casual Pay: $25.00 per hour Application question(s): * Are you available for work in Kanata? * Are you available for work Centrally? * Are you available for work in Orleans? * Are you available for work in Westboro? * Are you available for work in Embrun? * Do you currently live in Ottawa or the surrounding area? * Are you available for on-call shifts Saturdays: 8:30 AM -9:00 pm? * Are you available for on-call shifts Sundays: 8:30 AM -9:00 pm? * Are you available for on-call shifts Fridays: 4:00 PM -9:00 pm? Education: * Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Experience: * Child and Youth Worker: 5 years (required) Language: * a second language (preferred) Licence/Certification: * drivers licence with use of vehicle (required) Work Location: In person
