---
title: warehouse receiver
employer: Leitrim Home Hardware Building Centre
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 16, 2026
salary: $56,025.16 annually
source: ZipRecruiter
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49738628?source=searchresults
---

<h3>Job Description</h3><div>Job Description<div><p>The Warehouse / Receiving Person is primarily responsible for unloading and verifying merchandise and ensuring the warehouse and receiving area are kept organized. They must have the ability to read Home Hardware invoices, bill of lading, and picklists. The Warehouse / Receiving Person must perform all tasks with sufficient speed and accuracy to support store efficiency and a high level of customer service.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Unload incoming trucks.</li><li>Check incoming merchandise against invoices or orders to spot shortages, damaged goods, backorders, etc.</li><li>Advise supervisor of shortages, damaged goods, backorders, etc.</li><li>Keep the warehouse, storage, and check-in areas neat, clean, and orderly.</li><li>Move heavy and bulky merchandise for customers and sales personnel.</li><li>Maintain maximum security in the warehouse and check-in areas.</li><li>Cut pipe, glass, make keys, etc.</li><li>Move merchandise from the receiving area and warehouse to the sales floor.</li><li>Follow company procedures regarding required signatures, forms, receipts, etc.</li><li>Load and unload merchandise and materials.</li><li>Follow all safety precautions when loading and unloading freight.</li><li>Know the correct location of all products in stock.</li><li>Work on special projects assigned by your supervisor after determining their priority in relation to your other responsibilities.</li><li>Follow all receiving procedures and company policies as determined by management.</li><li>Follow proper documentation procedures for merchandise that is to be returned or refused.</li><li>Attend meetings, training sessions, etc. as required.</li><li>Work on additional duties and assignments as assigned by management.</li><li>Work in a safe manner in accordance with provincial and federal safety legislation. Report any potential hazards and unsafe behavior to management in order to have the situation corrected</li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li>High School graduation or equivalent.</li><li>Ability to work a flexible schedule including weekends, evenings, and holidays.</li><li>Ability to communicate effectively with management, employees, and delivery personnel.</li><li>Ability to visually verify the contents of shipments.</li><li>Ability to read and comprehend written and printed materials.</li><li>Must use basic arithmetic skills to verify orders, invoices, shipping, and packing documents.</li><li>Ability to read Home Hardware invoices, bill of lading, picklists, etc. </li><li>Must have basic computer skills.</li><li>Must safely operate loading, unloading, and transfer equipment (forklifts, pushcarts, etc.)</li><li>Willingness to learn.</li><li>Ability to work co-operatively in a team environment</li><li>Forklist Experience</li></ul></div>Company Description<div>Home Hardware Building Centres offer a complete range of both hardware and building centre products. Lumber, tools, paint, plumbing and electrical supplies and an extensive selection of building materials are available, along with housewares, sporting goods, automotive items and lawn and garden supplies.</div></div><h3>Company Description</h3><div>Home Hardware Building Centres offer a complete range of both hardware and building centre products. Lumber, tools, paint, plumbing and electrical supplies and an extensive selection of building materials are available, along with housewares, sporting goods, automotive items and lawn and garden supplies.</div>
