---
title: chef
employer: LOCAL Public Eatery
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: May 23, 2026
salary: $21.00 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49741534?source=searchresults
---

<p>The fun you want. The flexibility you need. The growth you deserve. </p><p>At LOCAL Public Eatery, we are all about creating unexpectedly memorable experiences for our teams and guests. We play to win, have fun, and never take ourselves too seriously. Through flexible schedules, we have the freedom to work and live our lives with passion; No adventure is too big, or too small! Our exterior tells a story, a unique path we have taken. Underneath, the drive, and passion to become experts in our craft, always learning and developing our skills, gaining a level of expertise that no one can match. </p><p>As a Chef de Partie at LOCAL Public Eatery, you are responsible for leading a small team in preparing and delivering the unexpected with precision and skill. Your goal is to create an unforgettable culinary experience that intrigues guests and leaves them in awe. Your judgment of quality is key; as others rely on you. There?s a lot of food and equipment to keep track of and working as a team is critical to your success.</p><p></p><p><strong>The Details</strong></p><ul><li>Experience in a fast-paced and high-volume kitchen (No experience, no problem! We still want to meet you!)</li><li>The ability to connect with others; you know that teamwork means success</li><li>A passion for cooking, you enjoy the innovation of our menus</li><li>You continuously seek opportunities to grow and learn</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Wage Range&nbsp;</strong></p><p>$21 - $23 / hour&nbsp;</p><p>The above total compensation range is based on an annual salary&nbsp;plus total estimated tips.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p><strong>This is you</strong></p><ul><li>Agility - You respond quickly to your changing environment.</li><li>Curiosity - You question the way things are done with a drive to make them better.</li><li>Humility - You are ok with not always having the answer. You are fearless and put your teams needs first.</li><li>Integrity - You're honest, real and consistent. You believe in yourself and take pride in who you are and what you say.</li><li>Sense of fun - You like to have fun and enjoy what you do, you always show kindness and care.</li><li>Resiliency - In the face of challenges, you don't give up. You are resilient and only get stronger from the ups and downs.</li><li>Gotta eat. Enjoy our food at a discounted rate.</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>The Perks</strong> </p><ul><li>Competitive base compensation opportunity </li><li>Flexible scheduling and competitive income opportunities. </li><li>Fast-paced, high-energy environment, we play to win. </li><li>We?re here to have a good time and don?t take ourselves too seriously. </li><li>Be a part of a community of awesome people. </li><li>Have a seat at the table and the opportunity to contribute to a growing brand. </li><li>Community partner perks and discounts; we are part of the neighbourhood after all. </li><li>Development that is always on tap means you?ll learn something new everyday </li><li>Get paid to refer your friends, great people know great people </li><li>Always innovating. Our menu is ever evolving by the season. </li></ul><p></p><p></p><p><em>This&nbsp;posting&nbsp;represents&nbsp;an existing vacancy on our team. If&nbsp;you?re&nbsp;passionate about hospitality and development, apply today.&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>Our applicant tracking system uses AI-enabled tools to help sort applications based on job-related criteria, but members of our hiring team personally review all applications and make all hiring decisions.&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>LOCAL Public Eatery&nbsp;is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We thank all candidates for their time and interest in working at&nbsp;LOCAL Public Eatery, however, only candidates under consideration for opportunities with&nbsp;LOCAL Public Eatery&nbsp;will be contacted to&nbsp;participate&nbsp;further in this process.&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>LOCAL Public Eatery&nbsp;provides reasonable accommodations upon request to those applicants and employees who need t
