---
title: plumber
employer: John the Plumber Ottawa
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 17, 2026
salary: $55.00 to $75.00 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49745018?source=searchresults
---

<div><strong>John The Plumber</strong> is hiring licensed, full-time plumbers for residential service.</div><div><br><strong>$7500 Signing Bonus</strong><br><br>John The Plumber completes approximately 20,000 service calls every year and we continue to grow. We are looking for experienced plumbers who want steady work, strong support, and industry-leading compensation. <br><br><strong>What We Offer:</strong></div><ul><li>Great starting wage.</li><li>Bonuses and incentives.</li><li>Guaranteed $55 per hour. &nbsp;</li><li>Consistent Year Round Work</li><li>Company vehicle.</li><li>Gas card and expenses.</li><li>Health, dental, life insurance, etc.</li><li>Uniforms.</li></ul><div>Top Earners often exceed $140,000 per year!<br><br></div><div><strong>Expected work:</strong></div><ul><li>Leak repairs.</li><li>Faucet installations and repairs.</li><li>Toilet installations and repairs.</li><li>Sump pump installations and replacements.</li><li>Waterline installation.</li><li>Outdoor hose bibs.</li><li>Appliance hookup.</li><li>ETC.</li></ul><div><br><strong>Ideal Candidate:</strong></div><ul><li>Friendly and likeable.</li><li>Professional and strong customer service.</li><li>Reliable and punctual.</li><li>Clean and presentable.</li><li>Preferably licensed plumber.</li><li>Experienced in service.</li><li>Motivated to make money.</li></ul><div><br><strong>John The Plumber</strong> has a large team of awesome plumbers. Our guys love working here. We're absolutely one of the best plumbing companies to work for. We've got work. And our "slow" times are other companies' busy times.</div><div><br>If you want to work on a killer team and for a company that treats you well, you should apply!<br><br>Confidential applications welcome. If you're currently employed, we'll respect your privacy.<br><br>No Resume Required.&nbsp;</div><br><br><ul></ul>
