---
title: chef
employer: JOEY Restaurants
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: May 26, 2026
salary: $48,000.00 annually
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49741165?source=searchresults
---

<p>This is about you. Your passion, purpose and potential. In you we see care, drive, confidence and curiosity. When you join our team, you can expect intensity, excitement and energy. Through our culture of people development, we are committed to the continuous learning and growth of our teams. </p><p>The JOEY Accelerated Leadership Program is a three-month fast-tracked development program for those with proven leadership abilities and skills to offer from previous experiences. Throughout this program, you will learn within Operations how to effectively run a multi-million-dollar business while elevating your skills in people and leadership development. You will gain an understanding of how JOEY leads through people within a high-performing coaching culture. Our goal is to provide you with the training and education you need to feel empowered to grow and develop with the JOEY Restaurant Business and Community.&nbsp;</p><p>As a Culinary Leader, you will directly contribute to the overall success of a multi-million-dollar Restaurant and its people. In this role, you will be responsible for attracting, retaining, and developing a high-performing team of 50-100 individuals, while driving their personal growth. You will efficiently deliver and execute quarterly strategic planning goals while upholding the highest standards in product, profit, environment, and experience.</p><p></p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>1-3+ years industry experience in a Culinary Leadership role&nbsp;</li><li>Proven ability to develop, coach and inspire a high-performing team&nbsp;</li><li>Excels in proactively recruiting, hiring, and retaining top talent&nbsp;</li><li>Exposure to PNL management, including budgeting and forecasting&nbsp;</li><li>High attention to detail with integrity to product quality assurance&nbsp;</li><li>Desire to support opening new restaurants across Canada and the US&nbsp;</li><li>Food Safe and Health &amp; Safety Certification&nbsp;</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Core Values</strong></p><ul><li>You value honesty and humility. You have integrity and do what you say.</li><li>You approach life with fearless determination &amp; a sense of fun.</li><li>You are creative, risk-taking, visionary and cutting edge. You choose to lead.</li><li>You contribute to a strong culture and are committed to the team.</li><li>You are passionate about quality and professionalism.</li><li>You believe in unleashing the potential in others.</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Annual Compensation Range</strong></p><p>$48,000 - $85,000 / year</p><p><em>The above total compensation range is based on an annual salary&nbsp;plus total estimated tips.</em></p><p></p><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><ul><li>Extended health plan</li><li>Maternity, Parental and Adoption leave top-up program </li><li>Mental and Physical health support plans </li><li>Flexible scheduling to accommodate your personal and family needs </li><li>Industry partner incentives </li><li>Tuition &amp; Education and Professional Accreditation subsidies </li><li>Recruiting &amp; Referral bonus programs </li><li>Ongoing leadership development courses</li></ul><p></p><p></p><p><em>This&nbsp;posting&nbsp;represents&nbsp;an existing vacancy on our team. If&nbsp;you?re&nbsp;passionate about hospitality and development,&nbsp;apply today.&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>Our applicant tracking system uses AI-enabled tools to help sort applications based on job-related criteria, but members of our hiring team personally review all applications and make all hiring&nbsp;decisions.&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>JOEY Restaurants is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We thank all candidates for their time and interest in working at JOEY Restaurants, however, only candidates under consideration for opportunities with JOEY Restaurants will be contacted to&nbsp;participate&nbsp;further in this process.&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>JOEY Restaurants provides reasonable&nbsp;accommodations&nbsp;upon request to those applicants an
