---
title: administrative assistant
employer: Rimkus
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 18, 2026
salary: $43,000.00 annually
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49745260?source=searchresults
---

<p>At Rimkus, our Built Environment Solutions team&nbsp;operates&nbsp;on a global scale with the advantage of local&nbsp;expertise. Our licensed engineers, architects, and technical specialists bring deep knowledge of regional requirements and industry best practices, enabling us to deliver customized, high-quality solutions that maximize the success of our clients? investments. With a comprehensive portfolio that spans&nbsp;nearly every&nbsp;engineering and architectural discipline, we help organizations plan, build, and manage assets with confidence.&nbsp;</p><p>What sets us apart is our forward-thinking approach. We integrate carbon footprint reduction, resiliency, maintainability, and long-term sustainability into everything we&nbsp;do&nbsp;helping clients not just meet today?s needs but prepare for tomorrow?s challenges. From design and pre-construction through construction, closeout, and ongoing operations, we provide tailored support at every stage. By&nbsp;identifying&nbsp;potential issues before they arise, we mitigate risks, extend asset life, and reduce costly unplanned repairs. Whether an asset is newly constructed, leased, or&nbsp;purchased, our innovative solutions empower clients to&nbsp;operate&nbsp;more efficiently and sustainably. Joining Rimkus means being part of a team&nbsp;that?s&nbsp;shaping the future of the built environment?one smart, resilient solution at a time.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><p><strong>Overview</strong></p><p>The Administrative Assistant, Built Environment Solutions is responsible for supporting their assigned business group by performing clerical and administrative duties for office personnel, including assisting with special projects as requested. They work under general supervision in the execution of assigned tasks.</p><p></p><p><strong>Essential Job Functions</strong></p><p><u><em>Matter-Specific Administration</em></u></p><ul><li>Receives incoming assignments and inputs into company system with accuracy and efficiency.</li><li>Works within company system to ensure timely opening of new matters by tracking statuses and communicating with the Conflict Check team, proposal writers, and consultants when needed.</li><li>Demonstrates professionalism in all client communications (via phone, email, or in-person).&nbsp; </li><li>Maintains matter-related and general office files per company directives.</li><li>May require efficient processing of proformas by coordinating with consultants in order to meet monthly deadlines and client expectations.</li><li>May be responsible for ensuring the accuracy of client invoices and the prompt sending of invoices/potential supporting documentation to clients. </li><li>May oversee matter-related item storage.</li></ul><p><u><em>General Office Administration</em></u></p><ul><li>Answers phones and routes calls/messages in accordance with company procedures if required.</li><li>Supports the business needs of the District Manager/Practice Leaders/other local management.</li><li>Performs administrative duties for regional team as needed.</li><li>Provides backup support to other administrative staff to accommodate PTO requests/overflow work.</li><li>Responsible for proofreading, quality control, and distribution of outgoing work documents as needed.</li><li>Coordinates the purchasing of office supplies, equipment, etc.</li><li>Adheres to directives as outlined in the Built Environment Solutions Administrative Systems and Procedures Manual.</li><li>Offers assistance to internal clients in the form of troubleshooting issues as requested.</li><li>Attends and participates in monthly administrative conference calls.</li><li>Performs other duties as assigned.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </li></ul><p><strong>R
