---
title: legal assistant
employer: Ollip P.C.
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 11, 2026
salary: $42,000.00 to $45,000.00 annually
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49741732?source=searchresults
---

<div><strong>[In-Person, On Site ? Permanent, Full-Time (subject to successful completion of probationary period)]</strong><br> <br>You will be working autonomously (full-time, in office) and also providing the support needed for the effective and efficient delivery of administration services within the firm and to clients. This position will appeal to a dynamic person who is well organized, detail-oriented, outgoing and who enjoys working as part of a team to deliver excellent client service.<br><br><strong>Salary Range</strong>: $42K-$45K per annum (entry level position)<br> <br><strong>Job Description</strong> (full-time, in office)<strong>:</strong></div><ul><li>Client intake.</li><li>&nbsp;File Opening/Conflict checks.</li><li>&nbsp;Contact with clients, foreign associates &amp; external governmental bodies.</li><li>&nbsp;Compose, draft, revise and report documents/correspondence.</li><li>&nbsp;Document filing with Courts, CIPO and foreign IP offices.</li><li>&nbsp;Legal research.</li><li>&nbsp;Review, update and maintain dockets.</li><li>&nbsp;File management and billing.</li></ul><div><br></div><div><strong>Education and Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Legal Assistant Certificate, Paralegal Diploma, or relevant Bachelor?s degree.</li><li>New graduates welcome.</li><li>As this position is on-site, the applicant must reside in the Ottawa area, and have reliable transportation to and from our Office in the St Laurent area (personal vehicle, car-pool, or reliable access to transit route).</li><li>Must be able to legally work in Canada, and provide proof of same upon request (e.g. Canadian citizenship, permanent residency, or applicable work permit).</li></ul><div><br></div><div><strong>Critical Skills:</strong></div><ul><li>Strong organizational skills.</li><li>Be resourceful with ability to take charge and complete tasks.</li><li>Be detail oriented.</li><li>Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills.</li><li>Have a positive can do attitude with client service as a priority.&nbsp;</li><li>Be confident and able to work on your own, with guidance or as a team.</li><li>Be able to adapt to changing priorities.</li><li>Be result-oriented.</li><li>Have outstanding verbal and written communication skills.</li><li>Legal Writing/Document Preparation.</li><li>Have the ability to think independently and solve problems.</li><li>Possess strong computer skills, including knowledge of Amicus Attorney, MS Word and Excel.</li></ul><div><br></div><div><strong>Submitting Your Application:</strong></div><ul><li>To apply, please submit your application via email only at careers@ollip.com. Application Deadline: Open until suitable candidate is found.</li><li>Kindly submit the following: cover letter, resume, writing sample, and a copy of all your post-secondary transcripts. The subject line of the e-mail must indicate the job description, years of experience, one word describing applicant?s unique skill and favourite month of the year.&nbsp;</li></ul><br><br><ul></ul>
