---
title: administrative assistant
employer: The Ottawa Hospital - Department of Ophthalmology
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 18, 2026
salary: $25.00 to $30.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49745690?source=searchresults
---

Job Description Admin Assistant *Position Overview:* We are seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented Administrative Assistant to manage the office operations of a Cornea, Cataract, Anterior Segment and Refractive Surgeon. This role plays a vital part in streamlining the surgical process, optimizing patient care, and reducing wait times. The ideal candidate will possess excellent communication skills, strong organizational abilities, and a keen attention to detail. This position comes with paid vacation, stat holiday, and sick time. However, benefits and pension are paid in lieu of. *Responsibilities:* · *Surgery Waitlist Management:? * * Maintain an accurate and up-to-date surgery waitlist, prioritizing patients based on medical urgency, availability, and surgeon's recommendations.? * Communicate with patients on the waitlist, providing updates on their status, estimated surgery dates, and necessary preparations.? * Coordinate with other healthcare professionals, hospitals, and clinics to schedule surgeries and ensure timely patient care.? · *Surgery Planning and Coordination:? * * Work closely with the surgeon and medical staff to develop an efficient surgery schedule, considering the surgeon's availability, operating room availability, and patient needs.? * Ensure all necessary pre-surgical requirements, such as medical clearances, diagnostic tests, and insurance authorizations, are completed in a timely manner.? * Communicate surgery details to patients, including date, time, pre-operative instructions, post-operative appointments and required documentation.? * Order medical devices required for surgery in a timely manner (at least 10 days prior to scheduled surgery date)? · *Office Administration:? * * Oversee the day-to-day operations of the office, including managing phone calls, emails, and mail correspondence.? * Maintain an organized filing system for patient records, surgical waitlist and referral waitlist.? * Coordinate with other healthcare professionals, hospitals, and clinics for patient care and referrals.? *?Other Responsibilities include:?? * * Reply to email and face to face inquiries? * Update Physicians CVs * Manage the surgeon's calendar, scheduling meetings, conferences, and travel arrangements? * Act as a liaison between the surgeon and other staff members, patients, and external contacts? * Ensure compliance with relevant privacy laws and regulations, such as HIPAA.? * Carry out administrative duties such as filing, typing, copying, binding, scanning, etc.? * Maintain organized computer and manual filing systems? * Handle sensitive information in a confidential manner? * Interview patients in order to complete forms, documents and case histories? * Complete insurance and other claim forms? * Initiate and maintain confidential medical files and records? * Establish and maintain various internal office administrative support procedures such as document tracking and filing and monthly reporting? * Order supplies and maintain inventory? * Determine and establish office procedures and routines? * May supervise and train other staff for business continuity purposes? · *Patient Coordination and Consult Waitlist management:? * * Maintain a patient waitlist for upcoming consultations in an organized manner? * Schedule and manage consult patient appointments, surgeries, and follow-up visits efficiently.? * Coordinate patient referrals, records, and medical histories.? * Communicate with patients in a professional and friendly manner, providing instructions, answering inquiries, and addressing concerns.? * Ensure timely and accurate completion of necessary patient paperwork.? *Qualifications:* - High school diploma or equivalent; associate degree or higher preferred. - Proven experience as an administrative assistant or in a similar role, preferably in a medical setting. - Strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize tasks effectively. - Excellent verbal and written communica
