---
title: sales associate
employer: Browns Shoes
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 09, 2026
salary: $18.12 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49741726?source=searchresults
---

<p>All of our store managers, district managers and sales directors started out on the floor at our stores and worked their way up through the company, so they understand the needs of their front-line employees on a personal level?they were there once, too.</p></br></br><p><strong>THE TEAM</strong></p><p>At Browns Shoes, we?re all about creating exceptional customer experiences filled with style, service, and passion.</p><p><strong>THE OPPORTUNITY</strong></p><p>Join our dynamic retail team and start your career with a proudly Canadian fashion leader.</p><p>We encourage all qualified candidates to apply for this existing vacancy within our organization.</p><p><strong>WE OFFER</strong></p><ul><li><p>We?re hiring Full Time Sales Talent starting at $18.12/hr. ($725 weekly), with high earning potential through commissions and performance-based incentives make up to $25/hr. ($1,000 weekly).</p></li><li><p>Attractive pay structure with base salary, commissions, bonuses, and performance-based incentives.</p></li><li><p>Weekly salary for full-time associates.</p></li><li><p>Personalized training and coaching.</p></li><li><p>Career advancement opportunities that support your ambition, including internal promotions to management.</p></li><li><p>Promotion opportunities: We prioritize promoting from within. If you're good, you can grow quickly.</p></li></ul><p><strong>WHO WE ARE</strong></p><p>Founded in 1940, Browns Shoes is a proudly Canadian, family-owned company with over 70 stores across the country. Known for our luxury footwear, cutting-edge collections, and commitment to service, we?ve built a legacy of style and innovation for men, women, and children.</p><p><strong>THE ROLE</strong></p><p><strong>Sales Associate</strong></p><ul><li><p>Deliver outstanding customer service and personalized product recommendations.</p></li><li><p>Educate clients on products and shoe care.</p></li><li><p>Build strong client relationships to drive sales and exceed targets.</p></li><li><p>Keep displays organized and visually appealing.</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with the team and support stock management.</p></li></ul><p><strong>WHAT WE?RE LOOKING FOR</strong></p><ul><li><p>Passion for fashion people who deliver great customer experiences.</p></li><li><p>Strong communication and interpersonal skills.</p></li><li><p>High energy, forward-thinking, action-taker.</p></li><li><p>Team player who thrives in a fast-paced environment.</p></li><li><p>Sales-driven mindset with a focus on results.</p></li></ul><p><strong>THE PERKS</strong></p><ul><li><p>Competitive hourly wage with monthly/annual performance bonuses?the more you achieve, the more you earn.</p></li><li><p>Employee discounts and exclusive perks.</p></li><li><p>Flexible vacation and time-off policies to support a healthy work-life balance.</p></li><li><p>Modern, tech-forward workplace focused on your personal and professional growth with a dedicated trainer to guide you.</p></li><li><p>Generous RRSP matching - between 25% and 75% of your contributions (conditions apply) and group insurance to support your future and well-being.</p></li></ul><p><strong>OUR CULTURE</strong></p><p>Our company culture sets us apart. Internal motivation and unity paired with a strong, relatable brand is the recipe that keeps our customers coming back.</p><p><strong>Think you?re a fit?</strong><span><strong>?</strong></span><strong>We want to hear from you! Apply online</strong><span><strong>.</strong></span></p><p><em>Browns Shows</em> <em>welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process.</em></p><p><em>Please note that our recruitment process uses artificial intelligence (AI) tools to assist in the screening and assessment of applications. These tools are used to assist with administrative and screening functions but do not replace human review or decision-making processes.</em></
