---
title: early childhood assistant
employer: BrightPath Kids Canada
address: Kanata , ON
posted: June 19, 2026
salary: $15.00 to $28.00 hourly
source: CareerBeacon
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49749376?source=searchresults
---

Center: Kanata Centre, ONJob Type: Casual/Supply/SubstituteNo evenings or weekends! Build your career in the early childhood education field and become a valued member of our team at BrightPath Kids! As a proud member of the Busy Bees global childcare community, we offer exceptional opportunities for your career to thrive. Join our diverse community of over 5,000 dedicated employees, and experience competitive pay and benefits, including a childcare discount. With our rapid growth, now is the perfect time to apply and shape an extraordinary future with us. Unleash your potential and join BrightPath!What will you be doing? As a Casual Early Childhood Assistant, you will work side-by-side with teachers and families to provide a home away from home for children in our care. Responsibilities include:? Assisting with instruction in the classroom.? Maintaining an environment that protects the well-being of children.? Interacting with children to encourage their involvement in activities.? Establishing collaborative relationships with co-workers, management, and families.? Attending staff meetings and professional development opportunities as necessary.? Working to maintain cleanliness and organization of classroom materials.? Other duties as assigned.Top Reasons to join BrightPath Kids:? We offer a 40% child care discount to ALL Full-time employees &amp; 10% to Part-time so that your family can take advantage of our great learning environment! ? We will support your long-term career goals by offering opportunities for professional development. ? Full-time staff are eligible to participate in a retirement plan (RRSP) which offers a company match ? this is free money! ? Full-time and Part-time staff receive 6 days of sick time per calendar year. ? Full-time staff are given 10 paid statutory holidays off. ? Full-time staff are paid for at least 10 vacation days per calendar year. ? Full-time staff are offered health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance and life insurance.Requirements: ? High School/Equivalent required, Early Childhood Assistant Certification, or Registered Early Childhood Educator ? Must meet province requirement for childcare employment ? Current Standard First Aid and infant child CPR? Current immunization and health assessment as per the local Minister of Health Requirements? Experience in planning and implementing programs. If this sounds like a good fit, we want to meet you! Please submit your application today.
