---
title: nurse
employer: 5501 Abbot Street East
address: Stittsville , ON
posted: June 03, 2026
salary: $27.67 hourly
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49741613?source=searchresults
---

<p>Registered Practical Nurse - Permanent Full-time Evenings</p><li>perm FT even - ThFMTWThSSuTuW</li><li>2pm - 10pm</li> <p>Granite Ride Long Term Care Community</p><p>Rate of Pay: <b>$27.67 - $30.54</b> (as per collective agreement)</p><p>This posting is for an existing vacancy</p><p>At Sienna you won?t just fill a position; you will build lasting relationships with residents who call Granite Ridge their home. Join us in a role where knowing each resident not just by name, but by story, is not just possible, it is expected. Our purpose is to cultivate happiness in daily life! We truly believe it is a</p><p>privilege to serve Canada?s seniors, ensuring they live fulfilling lives with the utmost comfort, dignity, and respect.</p><p>Reporting to the Director of Care, the Registered Practical Nurse is a critical role within our communities as it impacts the lives of residents.</p><p>What We Offer:</p><p>We are a purpose driven organization. We aspire to cultivate an environment and culture where team members feel valued, heard and empowered to do meaningful work. And we offer a number of programs and benefits that support team members? financial, personal and professional needs:</p><p>? A competitive salary and vacation package</p><p>? Health & Dental benefits program</p><p>? Share Ownership and Reward Program (SOAR)</p><p>? Employee Share Purchase Plan with company match</p><p>? Continuous learning and growth so you have the skillset needed to succeed and take on new challenges</p><p>? A welcoming culture that values diversity and differing perspectives, experiences and beliefs</p><p>What you?ll be doing:</p><p>You will be a welcomed member of the COMMUNITY NAME team and impact in the following ways:</p><p>? Provide nursing care in accordance with established policy, physician?s orders, the resident plan of care, and within the scope of practice of an RPN/LPN.</p><p>? Utilizing sound nursing practice principles, ensure delivery of excellent nursing and personal care</p><p>? Creating a welcoming and supportive environment for the residents through teamwork and effective communication with staff</p><p>? Overseeing resident care, including regular communication with residents and their families, and providing guidance to staff</p><p>? Supervise the Personal Support Workers/Unregulated team members assigned to the unit</p><p>? Admission, readmission, and change in status, and provide ongoing assessment to the residents</p><p>Who you are</p><p>? A Registered Practical Nurse in good standing the Ontario College of Nurses</p><p>? An asset is having experience in Geriatrics, Rehabilitation and/or senior health industry</p><p>? You have good judgement, the ability to identify risk and can foster a positive work environment</p><p>What you need to know</p><p>? Sienna Senior Living is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and residents feel like they belong. We seek applicants with diverse backgrounds and have a wide range of abilities. Sienna provides an accessible candidate experience</p><p>? You must successfully pass a Vulnerable Sector Check and/or Criminal Record Check applicable to the appropriate province</p><p><b>Sienna Senior Living may </b><b>utilize</b><b> artificial intelligence to screen and assess applicants for this position.</b> </p><p>Apply Now if you want to learn more!</p>
