---
title: chef
employer: LOCAL Public Eatery
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: May 23, 2026
salary: $50,000.00 annually
source: Talent.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49741758?source=searchresults
---

<p>The fun you want. The flexibility you need. The growth you deserve. </p><p>At LOCAL Public Eatery, we are all about creating unexpectedly memorable experiences for our teams and guests. We play to win, have fun, and never take ourselves too seriously. Through flexible schedules, we have the freedom to work and live our lives with passion; No adventure is too big, or too small! Our exterior tells a story, a unique path we have taken. Underneath, the drive, and passion to become experts in our craft, always learning and developing our skills, gaining a level of expertise that no one can match. </p><p>The LOCAL Public Eatery Accelerated Leadership Program is a fast-tracked leadership exploration program for those with skills to offer from previous experiences. Throughout this program, you will learn within Operations how to effectively run a multi-million-dollar business while working on your skills in people and leadership development. You will gain an understanding of how LOCAL Public Eatery leads-through people within a fun, energetic, entrepreneurial environment. Our goal is to provide you with the training and education you need to feel empowered to grow and learn. </p><p>As a Culinary Leader, you will directly impact the success of your business by delivering on the overall experience and value for the community and your Partners (employees). At LOCAL Public Eatery, you will have a voice in the direction and growth of the business and the ownership and freedom to reach your goals. We live by the motto ?It?s your Business.? In this role, you will be responsible for attracting, retaining, and mentoring a dynamic and fearless team of individuals. Being their mentor means that you will dig deep into personal exploration to uncover what they may not in themselves. </p><p></p><p><strong>What?s required</strong> </p><ul><li>Team leadership ? you are a natural born leader in any crowd. </li><li>Bring out the best and connect with others; you know that teamwork means success. </li><li>Interest in honing your culinary and sales building skills. </li><li>Make connections and build your team. You are a networker. </li><li>You continuously seek opportunities to grow and learn.</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Annual Compensation Range&nbsp;</strong>&nbsp;</p><p>$50,000 - $80,000 / year&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>The above total compensation range is based on an annual salary&nbsp;plus total estimated tips.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p><strong>This is You</strong> </p><ul><li>Agility - You respond quickly to your changing environment. </li><li>Curiosity - You question the way things are done with a drive to make them better. </li><li>Humility - You are ok with not always having the answer. You are fearless and put your teams needs first. </li><li>Integrity - You're honest, real and consistent. You believe in yourself and take pride in who you are and what you say. </li><li>Sense of fun - You like to have fun and enjoy what you do, you always show kindness and care. </li><li>Resiliency - In the face of challenges, you don't give up. You are resilient and only get stronger from the ups and downs.</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>The Perks</strong> </p><ul><li>Career development, education, and growth opportunities. </li><li>Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance, medical reimbursement plan, and Employee Assistance Program for benefit-eligible partners. </li><li>Discounted partner shift meals. </li><li>10% discount for self and guests on all food/drink when visiting any JOEY location. </li><li>Referral bonus program. </li><li>Sales competitions and rewards. </li></ul><p></p><p></p><p><em>This&nbsp;posting&nbsp;represents&nbsp;an existing vacancy on our team. If&nbsp;you?re&nbsp;passionate about hospitality and development, apply today.&nbsp;</em></p><p><em>Our applicant tracking system uses AI-enabled tools to help sort applications based on job-related criteria, but members of our hiring team personally review all applications and make all hiring decisions.&nbsp
