---
title: mental health worker
employer: Family First Family Health Team
address: Orleans South , ON
posted: June 20, 2026
salary: $74,775.81 annually
source: ZipRecruiter
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49758113?source=searchresults
---

<h3>Job Description</h3><div>Job Description<div><p>The Family First Family Health Team (FHT) is looking for a committed and experienced 0.8 FTE mental health social worker with a background in primary care to join our dedicated team of allied health providers and administrative personnel. Collectively and proudly we aim to improve the quality of and access to comprehensive primary care in the communities of Orleans, Navan, and Blackburn Hamlet.</p><p><strong>Permanent Part time (30 hours per week)</strong></p><p><strong>Role and Responsibilities</strong></p><p>To provide patient-centered care, as part of a multi-disciplinary team, to patients rostered to Family First FHT's physicians. The role consists of a combination of clinical and program work, including but not limited to:</p><ul><li>Counselling child, youth, adults, and families;</li><li>Facilitating education sessions for groups of 10-14 people;</li><li>Delivering mental health group programs (e.g. Working with Emotions DBT group, Mindfulness group, Coping with Anxiety, Optimizing Wellness CBT group)</li><li>Completing psycho-social assessments;</li><li>Improving existing and developing new health programs.</li></ul><p><strong>Essential Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum 3 years counselling the youth population;</li><li>3-5 years of recent continuous experience in the assessment, treatment, and management of common mental health problems;</li><li>Has a strong commitment to a collaborative care model and can work in a team effectively;</li><li>Treats all people with professionalism, courtesy, discretion, and respect;</li><li>Has a leadership attitude that is positive, encouraging, and that contributes to a positive work environment for all;</li><li>Acts with diligence, reliability, and commitment to their work.</li></ul><p><strong>Ideal/Preferred Requirements</strong></p><ul><li><span class="long-word">Experience/certification</span> in Dialectical Behaviour Therapy (DBT), Cognitive Behaviour Therapy (CBT), and Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT);</li><li>French (or other language abilities);</li><li>Experience with EMR</li></ul><p><strong>Education and Training Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Master of Social Work (MSW) from a recognized school of social work</li><li>Registered Social Worker (RSW) with the Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers.</li></ul><p><strong>Compensation Package includes:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Eligible for medical benefits and Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan (HOOPP).</p><p>A copy of the full job description will be provided to candidates invited to interview.</p></li></ul></div></div>
