---
title: retail sales associate
employer: Best Buy Express
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 20, 2026
salary: $15.00 to $28.85 hourly
source: CareerBeacon
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49758151?source=searchresults
---

Req Id: 431129Join us as we embark on this new journey, blending the best in tech retail with cutting-edge telecommunications services. At Best Buy Express we believe one of our most important assets is our people. We pride ourselves on hiring the best talent and creating a dynamic workplace where talents are utilized, opinions matter, and fun is encouraged!We are also proud to offer our team members flexible work schedules, career growth opportunities and competitive benefits.Why you'll love it here:Sales commission, rewards and recognition and employee discounts Opportunity for career growth, development and promotions Immersive and Hands-on training programs ? get ready to learn! Enjoy a flexible full?time or part?time schedule, including evening and weekend shifts to suit your availabilityWhat you'll do:As a Sales Associate, you'll be an expert in all things tech Build a connection with customers to find the right solutions for them You'll contribute to the team's success by achieving personal sales goals You will work closely with your teammates to ensure the store is running at its peak operational performance What we're looking for:A passion diving into tech, telecommunication and sales Exceptional listening and communication skills. Experience in Retail Sales, Customer Service or Hospitality is a definite asset Speak another language? We welcome any second language (French, Mandarin, Cantonese, Korean, Tagalog, Hindi, Punjabi, Thai, and more) At Best Buy Express, we don't just accept difference?we celebrate it! Adequate knowledge of French is required for positions in Quebec. Additional Information:Position Type: Retail StoresJob Status: Temporary - Part timeJob Location: Canada : Ontario : OttawaApplication Deadline: 09/19/2026Total earning range: $20.00 - $28.00 The agreed upon hourly rate will be commensurate with the candidate's experienceThe total earning range above includes a commissions % based on commissions earned by our employees in similar job functions. The Commission payout is conditional upon meeting all of the eligibility requirements established by the company's applicable commissions' plans or policies. Said plans and policies are subject to modification by the Company from time to time, at its sole discretion to better reflect evolving business structure, goals and strategies.Qualifications: You are required to provide 32 hours of weekly availability, including 5 continuous hours shifts on weekdays and weekends, with a minimum of two Open and two Close coverage windows, including one weekday full availability. Shifts will be no less than 5 hours in length.Please apply directly online to be considered for this role. Applications through email will not be accepted.As part of our team, you'll enjoy a comprehensive compensation package that includes a competitive salary and a wide range of benefits options to support the well-being of you and your family. We value the experiences that have shaped who you are, and we know your talent will bring even greater strength to our team. At Best Buy Express we are committed to ensuring that everyone feels like they are welcome, valued, respected and supported as they grow and reach their full potential. Best Buy Express is committed to clarity in our hiring process. All roles posted are opportunities we're actively recruiting for, unless stated otherwise. We also want to make sure that everyone has an equal opportunity to join our team. We encourage individuals who may require accommodations during the hiring process to let us know. For a confidential inquiry, email your recruiter or retail.recruitment@bell.ca to make arrangements. If you have questions or feedback regarding accessibility at Bell, we invite you to complete the Accessibility feedback form or visit our Accessibility page for other ways to contact us.Created: Canada, ON
