---
title: physiotherapist
employer: Seed Rehab
address: Kanata , ON
posted: June 19, 2026
salary: $63.00 to $114.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49753782?source=searchresults
---

*Job Overview* Seed Rehab is seeking a passionate and motivated Physiotherapist to join our growing multidisciplinary team. This role involves delivering one-on-one, client-focused care in a private treatment room. You?ll collaborate with other health professionals in a supportive environment to create personalized rehabilitation plans that help clients achieve their goals. Ideal for practitioners who value autonomy, professional growth, and a team-based approach to care. You?ll have the support of experienced therapists and a hands-on clinic owner dedicated to helping you thrive. We offer competitive fee splits and actively assist in building your client base through in-house referrals, community outreach, and marketing?giving you the tools and support to grow a successful practice. We?re a small team that values professionalism, kindness, and creating a comfortable space for both clients and therapists. Whether you?re newly registered or bringing years of experience, you?ll be supported here. *Duties* * Conduct thorough assessments of patients? physical conditions and functional abilities. * Develop individualized treatment plans based on patient evaluations and goals. * Implement therapeutic exercises and interventions to improve mobility, strength, and overall function. * Educate patients on treatment options, rehabilitation processes, and preventive measures. * Maintain accurate documentation of patient progress, treatment plans, and outcomes in accordance with medical standards. * Collaborate with other healthcare professionals to ensure comprehensive patient care. *Ideal Candidate* * Licensed and in good standing with College of Physiotherapists of Ontario. * Valid insurance to practice as a Physiotherapist in Ontario. * Excellent communication skills with the ability to build rapport with patients of all ages. * Ability to work effectively as part of a team while also demonstrating independent decision-making skills. * A compassionate approach to patient care with a focus on improving quality of life for individuals with physical challenges. *To Apply* * Please send your resume and a brief cover letter to info@seedrehab.ca. Looking forward to hearing from you! Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Freelance Pay: $63.00-$114.00 per hour Benefits: * Casual dress * Flexible schedule * On-site parking Licence/Certification: * Physiotherapist Licence (preferred) Work Location: In person
