---
title: assistant manager - retail
employer: Zesty Market
address: Ottawa , ON K2P 1M2
posted: June 19, 2026
salary: $36.00 hourly
source: Job Bank
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49752911?source=searchresults
---

Education: Bachelor's degree. or equivalent experience. Work setting: Convenience store. Retail business. Supermarket/grocery store. Tasks: Direct and control daily operations . Evaluate daily operations . Plan and organize daily operations. Manage staff and assign duties. Study market research and trends to determine consumer demand, potential sales volumes and effect of competitors' operations on sales. Determine merchandise and services to be sold. Implement price and credits policies. Locate, select and procure merchandise for resale. Develop and implement marketing strategies. Plan budgets and monitor revenues and expenses. Determine staffing requirements. Resolve issues that may arise, including customer requests, complaints and supply shortages. Recruit, hire and supervise staff and/or volunteers. Oversee payroll administration. Conduct performance reviews. Supervise office and volunteer staff. Supervision: 5-10 people. Computer and technology knowledge: Point of sale system. Inventory control software. Electronic mail. Spreadsheet. MS Outlook. Area of specialization: Shipping and receiving. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Driver's validity licence check. Transportation/travel information: Willing to travel. Valid driver's licence. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Fast-paced environment. Work under pressure. Tight deadlines. Handling heavy loads. Attention to detail. Sitting. Standing for extended periods. Personal suitability: Energetic. Hardworking. Integrity. Outgoing. Positive attitude. Excellent oral communication. Organized. Team player. Screening questions: Are you available for shift or on-call work?. Are you currently a student?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Do you have the required certifications listed in the job posting?. Employment terms options: Early morning. Evening. Experience: 1 year to less than 2 years. Employment terms options: Flexible hours. Morning. Night. Day. Weekend.
