---
title: warehouse associate
employer: Euro Tile & Stone
address: Ottawa , ON
posted: June 20, 2026
salary: $19.00 hourly
source: indeed.com
url: https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobposting/49760149?source=searchresults
---

*About the Role* Euro Tile & Stone provides carefully curated collections of porcelain tile, marble and countertops sourced all over the world coupled with exceptional service, expertise and supply chain to deliver an excellent client experience. We help to transform our client?s space to create the atmosphere, the vibe, the feeling they?re looking for. For over 35 years, we have been serving homeowners, designers, architects, builders, retailers, contractors and renovators. You will have the opportunity to touch every aspect of the business and truly influence yours and the company?s success. *Position Details* Euro Tile & Stone is looking for a Warehouse Associate for shipping, receiving and inventory management. Be a part of our growing team. Competitive Benefits package *What You?ll Be Doing* * Accurately pick tile orders for customers from our warehouse, prepare orders for pick up or delivery * Provide exceptional service, consultation and customer experience to anyone who either enters our store or contacts us * Ensure safe working environment 100% of the time * Fulfil orders out of hybrid fulfillment/distribution center location. This includes orders coming from the general public from the onsite retail showroom as well as out of town transports * Ensure client?s requirements are met, including timelines, inventory levels, processing orders and communicating with all parties involved * Organize, prepare for and load/unload incoming and outgoing shipments including store transfers, distribution network transports and retail client home deliveries. * Ensure appropriate inventory levels in bin locations including proactively restocking from overstock towers * Organize appropriate paperwork and electronic files * Check and process returns including restocking to appropriate locations * Teamwork. That means leading and collaborating with Warehouse Associates and working harmoniously with other business units including sales teams, Logistics Managers, Operations Managers, etc. * Have an understanding of our vast product types, how to pick, pack and ship them, and continually and proactively familiarizing yourself with new product types; this is in addition to the training we provide. *What You Bring to the Role* * An understanding that the client is central to everything we do * 2 years of experience in a warehouse with a heavy commodity * Forklift experience an asset * Ability to communicate effectively in person, over the phone and by email * Ability to multi task effectively * Punctual, positive, friendly, courteous attitude * Highly detailed and precision oriented. Accuracy in this position is a must * Proactively identify potential problems and taking care of them before they might escalate * Able to use technology (ERP, Microsoft Office specifically Excel). We?ll train you on our systems in your first week. *Why Join* At Euro Tile and Stone our four guiding principles are to treat clients like family, only sell high quality products we believe in, invest to have plenty on hand inventory, and hire people who share our passion and values. We are dedicated to continuing to offer outstanding service and care to each and every one of our clients. With over 30 years in the business, we have an unwavering focus on building relationships and our clients appreciate that. * We have a strong commitment to our employees just as we do our clients because we recognize that our people are fundamental to the success and growth of our business * You?ll get the freedom to express your talents in your unique way * You?ll receive a competitive salary and benefits plan * You have a high potential for growth and career development * Our company culture is pretty cool. We have an international and design flair, with a fun, collaborative, caring culture and outstanding people. We?re also business focused and get stuff done * We?re diverse in terms of culture, but also in embracing diverse opinions and schools of thought * We offer
